Zahra Jamshed;&&&Zahra Jamshed&&&Toyota's wood car fits together like a jigsaw puzzle&&&Story highlights Toyota debuts Setsuna, a new concept car

It is built using 86 handmade wooden panels

(CNN) Japanese car manufacturer Toyota, has revealed a brand new ride. But this contraption looks more like a toy car than a fully functioning vehicle.

The Toyota Setsuna is a concept vehicle crafted entirely of wood.

The two-seater is due for an official reveal at Milan Design Week next Tuesday, but with a mere 28 mph capacity for speed, the car is designed more so as a symbolic gesture rather than for use on the road.

Not your average family car

Described by Toyota as an "heirloom crafted in wood," the Setsuna represents a timeless family car.

Read More&&&Not your average family carDescribed by Toyota as an "heirloom crafted in wood," the Setsuna represents a timeless family car.
The Toyota Setsuna is a concept vehicle crafted entirely of wood.
Story highlights Toyota debuts Setsuna, a new concept carIt is built using 86 handmade wooden panels(CNN) Japanese car manufacturer Toyota, has revealed a brand new ride.
But this contraption looks more like a toy car than a fully functioning vehicle.
The two-seater is due for an official reveal at Milan Design Week next Tuesday, but with a mere 28 mph capacity for speed, the car is designed more so as a symbolic gesture rather than for use on the road.&&&
	&&&Zahra Jamshed&&&Photos: CNN's 'Scenes from the field'&&&CUBA: "A horse drawn carriage in Cienfuegos travels past a billboard calling for an end to US sanctions on the island. Cuban government propaganda still paints the US as a hostile force but officials here have said they welcome President Obama's visit to the island next month. Almost every Cuban I know is excited for the long delayed thaw in relations that is happening before their very eyes." - CNN's Patrick Oppmann @cubareporter&&&CUBA: "A horse drawn carriage in Cienfuegos travels past a billboard calling for an end to US sanctions on the island.
Cuban government propaganda still paints the US as a hostile force but officials here have said they welcome President Obama's visit to the island next month.
Almost every Cuban I know is excited for the long delayed thaw in relations that is happening before their very eyes.
" - CNN's Patrick Oppmann @cubareporter&&&
	&&&Zahra Jamshed&&&Tell us your eureka moment&&&(CNN) CNN's Passion to Portfolio follows the journey of everyday people who discovered their passion lay in a different profession -- and what they did next about it next. Now, CNN wants to hear from you!

How did you find the inspiration to turn your passion into your profession? Did you have an epiphany or "Aha!" moment? We'd love to hear about what triggered that realization. Send a tweet with the hashtag #MyEurekaMoment to @CNNI , or tell us in the comments section below how you reached that career-changing moment. The best answers will be featured on CNN.&&&Send a tweet with the hashtag #MyEurekaMoment to @CNNI , or tell us in the comments section below how you reached that career-changing moment.
Now, CNN wants to hear from you!
(CNN) CNN's Passion to Portfolio follows the journey of everyday people who discovered their passion lay in a different profession -- and what they did next about it next.
How did you find the inspiration to turn your passion into your profession?
We'd love to hear about what triggered that realization.&&&
Anisha Shah;For Cnn;&&&For Cnn&&&Back from the brink: Lemurs of Madagascar&&&(CNN) Madagascar is a biodiversity hotspot unlike any other.

The fourth largest island in the world broke off from mainland Africa around 150 million years ago, cast adrift in the Indian Ocean.

Isolation proved fertile breeding ground for evolution. Today the island has 8,000 species that are not found in the wild anywhere else on the planet.

Of these, lemurs are the star attraction.

There are 106 known species and subspecies of the molten-eyed furry forest primates, and tracking them is a thrilling adventure through a landscape of vast contrasts and changing climates.

Lemurs inhabit lush tropical rainforests, spiny dry forests, semi-arid desert canyons and cool central highlands.

Tracking them is the experience of a lifetime, but isn't for the fainthearted.

And it's become increasingly tricky as the lemurs face terrible threats to their existence.

Brink of extinction

Lemurs are thought to be the most threatened mammal group in the world, with most species facing extinction.

Although they're ingrained in Malagasy culture, revered as the spirits of ancestors (their name translates as "specter"), efforts on the island to safeguard their future have been patchy.

Political instability hasn't helped. A coup in 2009 plunged the country into instability and abject poverty, particularly affecting remote rural regions.

Tourism numbers, previously rising, plummeted and never recovered, resulting in the loss of funds for lemur conservation projects.

Their habitat's also under threat with only 20% remaining, says Jonah Ratsimbazafy, a leading primatologist and co-chair of Madagascar International Union for the Conservation of Nature Species Survival Commission.

Verreaux's sifaka lemurs are one of 8,000 species endemic to Madagascar.

"Lemurs are one fifth of the world's primates and are the goose laying the golden egg for Madagascar. Tourists want to see them in their natural environment."

He fears that if deforestation continues, in 25 years Madagascar's forest and lemurs would be wiped out.

But there is hope.

After 93 lemur species were put on critical, endangered or vulnerable watch lists in 2013, conservation experts drew up a three-year emergency plan requiring $7.6 million.

Smooth elections in 2014 helped spur efforts to seek international help, meaning viable projects to help save the lemurs could soon receive financial backing.

"Since last year, the political landscape has shifted," says Christoph Schwitzer, director of conservation for the Bristol Zoological Society and the IUCN Primate Specialist Group.

"A new president was elected with new democratic government. Most donors and international funders are back on board."

Optimism is in the air for the first time in years. For Madagascar's wildlife, it can't come soon enough.

'Haunting cries'

As I scour forests across the country, with local guides, I'm spellbound by the haunting lemur cry echoing like a dawn chorus through the rainforest.

We watch as a family of indri, the largest living lemur, swings tree-to-tree deep in the Andasibe-Mantadia national park.

Seeing them in their environment is deeply moving -- not least because they're among the most at risk.

"Indri are being hunted for food by rural Malagasy needing to feed their starving families," Schwitzer says.

"Lemur hunting rose after the 2009 political crisis and is directly poverty-driven."

Some species are teetering right on the brink. The northern sportive lemur is believed to be down to just 60 animals.

Agriculture plays its part. Malagasy farmers have long employed slash-and-burn techniques, clearing trees to plant rice fields, burning the land to create fertile soil.

Then there's illegal mining and the logging of precious rosewood and ebony -- a lucrative operation run by heavily armed loggers known as the "rosewood mafia" that has depleted eastern rainforests.

Efforts to block the loggers through legal channels have previously been thwarted, but with an international task force now investigating exports, change seems imminent.

Success story

In recent years, Madagascar's area of protected forest has tripled, although with no physical barriers or armed rangers, it's been left to local communities to take action.

Anja Reserve, in the center of the island, is the biggest success story.

In 2001, it was designated protected land and the government transferred its management to the local community.

With the help of conservation and charity groups, the reserve has expanded, offering locals alternative incomes such as rice fields and fish farming.

It's now the most visited private reserve in the country.

But reserves such as Anja are few and far between, says Haja Rasambainarivo, co- founder of Madagascar's Asisten Travel Agency.

"Anja is on a tourist route. We need better infrastructure, better roads and a more reliable domestic airline to create more tourist routes through the country, to support more similar projects.

"Tourism can do this. It can bring infrastructure, education and jobs."

Madagascar's chameleons are also threatened by loss of habitat.

Anja Reserve is where I first see the iconic ring-tailed lemurs. The reserve is impressive with staggering granitic boulders and green valleys.

Hiking with trackers from the community association, their sense of pride is evident.

Officials say tourism is now a real priority for Madagascar's government, which has drastically increased funding to promote the island as an eco-tourism destination and attract up to two million annual visitors by 2020.

Experts are now optimistic that lemurs have a future.

"I see hope in the upcoming breed of Malagasy conservationists," says Schwitzer. "They've been internationally trained and are fully committed. It's only a matter of time,"

Rasambainarivo adds: "Tourism can save Madagascar and, if prioritized, could save lemurs, wildlife and human life."

If lemur survival is achieved, Madagascar could become the world-class ecotourism destination that it truly deserves to be.&&&It's only a matter of time,"Rasambainarivo adds: "Tourism can save Madagascar and, if prioritized, could save lemurs, wildlife and human life.
"Lemurs are one fifth of the world's primates and are the goose laying the golden egg for Madagascar.
Verreaux's sifaka lemurs are one of 8,000 species endemic to Madagascar.
Tourism numbers, previously rising, plummeted and never recovered, resulting in the loss of funds for lemur conservation projects.
Brink of extinctionLemurs are thought to be the most threatened mammal group in the world, with most species facing extinction.&&&
	&&&For Cnn&&&Tweets that changed the world&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Briana Duggan;Boniface Mwangi;Robert Howell;&&&Robert Howell&&&Boniface Mwangi: From covering the news, to making it&&&Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) Photographers are our eyes to the world. But often, the harsh reality of an unfiltered view from behind the camera lens can change a person forever.

That was certainly the case for award-winning photojournalist Boniface Mwangi, who gave up a flourishing commercial business to try and do something about the problems of his homeland, Kenya.

"With a photo, you can define a moment and change the conversation -- and that's why I became a photographer," says the 32-year-old.

Earlier in his career he covered the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombing . Ten years later, the escalating ethnic violence that followed the disputed 2007 elections would motivate Mwangi to become an activist for social justice.

His shots were picked up by international outlets and seen around the world. People were taking notice.

Defining moment

The horrors of what he'd seen left Mwangi awake at night, tossing and turning. When sleep did come, he suffered from memories of screams and the "smell of fear."

"Covering that violence changed my life. I said 'No, I must do something to make sure this doesn't happen again."

Dying for your country is one of the highest sacrifice, but I think living for this country is better." Boniface Mwangi

"I must speak out for the horrors we saw and hopefully we can learn from my pictures and my work. So I quit my job and created a traveling show across the country for peace."

To cope with the nightmares, Mwangi decided to turn his pain into activism -- and he would use his passion of art as his greatest tool.

In 2009, he founded Pawa254 -- an "artivism" hub based in Nairobi and today, leads a team of other concerned citizens fighting for social justice.

The group work with creatives -- photographers, designers, musicians, filmmakers and more -- to highlight issues and drive for social change.

For example, in 2012, Mwangi and a team of graffiti artists targeted Kenya's political elite by likening their nation's leaders to vultures in a bid to highlight corruption in the country.

JUST WATCHED Graffiti artists target politicians Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Graffiti artists target politicians 02:41

Beating and death threats

But the work is not without its obstacles and transitioning from covering to creating news has put Mwangi at odds with the government.

"It's about speaking truth to power. Saying this is the lying and this is the truth. I try to turn ordinary citizens through our work into courageous people, into active citizens who take a stand when things go wrong."

He explains that he knows the truth can often leave a sour taste in the mouth and has been faced with death threats, beatings and arrests as a result. But he will always "go back to the streets."

"I have been threatened, I've been beaten. I've been in police cells, I've been in jail, but I kept going on. There was a time I thought I was going to leave the country, and I was very afraid for my life.

"Then I realized that if I leave, then I'll betray the cause because living does not make a difference. Living means that you're being a coward, and you have let fear take over."

He adds: "I think dying for your country is one of the highest sacrifice, but I think living for this country is better."&&&"He adds: "I think dying for your country is one of the highest sacrifice, but I think living for this country is better.
"Dying for your country is one of the highest sacrifice, but I think living for this country is better.
Ten years later, the escalating ethnic violence that followed the disputed 2007 elections would motivate Mwangi to become an activist for social justice.
That was certainly the case for award-winning photojournalist Boniface Mwangi, who gave up a flourishing commercial business to try and do something about the problems of his homeland, Kenya.
" Boniface Mwangi"I must speak out for the horrors we saw and hopefully we can learn from my pictures and my work.&&&
Tim Hume;Olav Mellingsater;&&&Olav Mellingsater&&&Anders Breivik, Norway mass killer, wins part of human rights lawsuit&&&Oslo, Norway (CNN) Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has won part of his lawsuit against the state over his solitary confinement in a high-security prison, a court announced Wednesday.

The Oslo district court found the 37-year-old's treatment in prison violated Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights, prohibiting "inhuman or degrading treatment," and ruled that his conditions must be eased.

The court also ordered the government to pay legal costs of 331,000 kroner ($40,600) for the right-wing extremist, who killed 77 people in a shooting rampage and bombing attack in 2011.

Norway has the right to appeal the ruling. It has not announced whether it intends to do so.

The court dismissed Breivik's claim that the government had violated Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which guarantees respect for "private life" and correspondence.

The ruling outlined areas of concern in regard to the conditions of Breivik's confinement, which, taken as a whole, constituted a breach of his rights.

These included the duration of his isolation, and inadequate consideration of the mental impact of the regime. It also said the routine nude checks Breivik had to go through were not sufficiently justified from a security perspective.

But it did not give concrete directives on how the conditions should be changed.

Breivik: Conditions 'sadistic'

The suit was heard over four days last month inside a gymnasium at Skien prison, which was temporarily converted into a courtroom.

Appearing in public for the first time since his trial, Breivik gave testimony during the suit, alleging that his isolation in prison constituted a "sadistic" attempt by Norwegian authorities to kill him.

Since his arrest, he has been separated from other inmates, and virtually his only visits have been with professionals, who meet with him separated behind a glass screen.

JUST WATCHED Unveiling the man behind Norway's mass killings Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Unveiling the man behind Norway's mass killings 05:51

His incoming and outgoing mail is also censored to prevent him from building far-right networks and inciting sympathizers to violence.

Observers expressed concern that Breivik -- who gave a Nazi salute on his first day in court -- was using his court appearance as a platform to publicize his extremist ideology.

Breivik's killing spree on July 22, 2011, was the deadliest attack in Norway since World War II. Eight people were killed when a bomb he planted detonated in Oslo before he methodically shot to death 69 young people at a Labor Party youth camp on Utoya island. He blamed the party for the rise of multiculturalism in Norway.

Bjorn Ihler, one of the survivors of the Utoya massacre, said on Twitter that the ruling was a "sign we have a working court system, respecting human rights even under extreme conditions."

"Our best weapon in fighting extremism is humanity. The ruling in the Breivik case shows that we acknowledge the humanity of extremists too," he wrote.&&&Oslo, Norway (CNN) Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has won part of his lawsuit against the state over his solitary confinement in a high-security prison, a court announced Wednesday.
Breivik: Conditions 'sadistic'The suit was heard over four days last month inside a gymnasium at Skien prison, which was temporarily converted into a courtroom.
The court dismissed Breivik's claim that the government had violated Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which guarantees respect for "private life" and correspondence.
The Oslo district court found the 37-year-old's treatment in prison violated Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights, prohibiting "inhuman or degrading treatment," and ruled that his conditions must be eased.
The ruling in the Breivik case shows that we acknowledge the humanity of extremists too," he wrote.&&&
	&&&Olav Mellingsater&&&Rare dolphin birth caught on camera&&&Watch the live birth of a Pacific white-sided dolphin in the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago, U.S.

Source: CNN&&&Watch the live birth of a Pacific white-sided dolphin in the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago, U.S.
Source: CNN&&&
	&&&Olav Mellingsater&&&The planet hunter searching for another Earth&&&Prof. Sara Seager is leading the hunt for planets similar to earth outside of our solar system, including planets that may have life on them.

Source: CNN&&&Prof. Sara Seager is leading the hunt for planets similar to earth outside of our solar system, including planets that may have life on them.
Source: CNN&&&
Ivana Kottasova;&&&Ivana Kottasova&&&Moon village envisioned by European Space Agency&&&The European Space Agency wants to build a village on the Moon.

The head of the multinational agency, Johann-Dietrich Woerner, said the village would "serve science, business, tourism and even mining purposes."

In a video interview posted on the agency's website, Woerner said a permanent lunar base is the next logical step in space exploration.

He said the village could replace the International Space Station in the future. The ISS has been continuously occupied since 2000. It was originally set to be decommissioned by 2020, but its operation has been extended through 2024.

The agency said it could take 20 years before the technology is ready to make the Moon village happen.

Woerner said the agency could use the Moon's natural resources to build the village, instead of bringing materials from Earth. Structures and parts of buildings could be 3D-printed using robots and rovers.

"We don't need a big amount of funding at the beginning...we can start with a small landing mission, which many countries are already planning," he said.

Related: Jeff Bezos says he'll put people in space in two years

Having a permanent human presence on the Moon could be risky, because of cosmic radiation, micrometeorites, and extreme temperatures which can range from 253 degrees F (123 C) to minus 243 F (minus 153 C).

But Woerner said these risks could be minimized by picking the right locations on the Moon. "If we go into the shadow on the moon, we'd have places where we don't have the radiation...at the south pole, which has permanent darkness, where we can find water," he said.

The Outer Space Treaty, which was signed in 1967, says that no nation could claim ownership of the Moon. The European Space Agency wants the Moon village to be an international that would combine the capabilities of different space-faring nations.

Some countries might also be interested in mining for rare earth elements and helium on the Moon, he said.&&&The European Space Agency wants the Moon village to be an international that would combine the capabilities of different space-faring nations.
The European Space Agency wants to build a village on the Moon.
The agency said it could take 20 years before the technology is ready to make the Moon village happen.
He said the village could replace the International Space Station in the future.
The head of the multinational agency, Johann-Dietrich Woerner, said the village would "serve science, business, tourism and even mining purposes.&&&
	&&&Ivana Kottasova&&&Everything you need to know about Zika&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Lisa Respers France Cnn;&&&Lisa Respers France Cnn&&&Hollywood and race: A town divided&&&Biographical movies that take liberties with the truth are utilizing "creative license." Why not? Hollywood is the land of reinvention, where you can be whomever you want to be.

It's all about make-believe.

For some observers, that includes the illusion of inclusion when it comes to diversity.

"2013 was the year of black film, with '12 Years a Slave' and all those acclaimed films that year, and in 2014, it went right back to business as usual," said Darnell Hunt, director of the Ralph J. Bunche Center for African American Studies at UCLA. "(The slave rebellion film) 'Birth of a Nation' was the hot film at Sundance this year, but who knows what the rest of the (black) films in 2016 will be like?"

They'll certainly be a topic of conversation. Thanks to #OscarsSoWhite, plenty of people are talking about diversity and the Academy Awards this year.

The hashtag debuted with the Oscar nominations in 2015 and reappeared in January after not a single person of color was nominated for any of the acting awards. Coupled with high-profile issues like the shootings of unarmed black men by police, it yet again provided fodder for discussions about race in Hollywood.

An American problem

But the issue of the entertainment industry and race goes well beyond nominations. For that matter, it's well beyond just black/white issues.

Lack of diversity, and the struggle for minorities to find equal opportunities and recognition, are very real national issues. Hollywood is just a microcosm.

Americans have been in love with the movies and television since each burst on the scene. Both have provided escapism and something for Americans to aspire to. But as the nation's population has grown more diverse, the industry has been slow to catch up.

"The movie industry continues to ignore audiences of color, to its own detriment, given the box office success of movies that do feature diverse casts," Roxane Gay wrote in a New York Times opinion piece headlined "The Oscars and Hollywood's Race Problem." "It continues to ignore the simple fact that people of color want to see their lives reflected in the movies they watch. Representation is not a lot to ask."

Those who are being represented tend to look like studio heads.

"The film industry still functions as a straight, White, boy's club," according to a recent study from the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California. The study examined more than 11,000 speaking characters, 10,000 people working behind the scenes and 414 stories produced by 10 companies in movies, TV and digital platforms.

"Over 50% of stories featured no Asian speaking characters, and 22% featured no Black or African American characters," it said. "The complete absence of individuals from these backgrounds is a symptom of a diversity strategy that relies on tokenistic inclusion rather than integration."

The color of money

For Hunt, whose center produces a diversity report each year and studies issues of race and Hollywood, the industry is overlooking another color: green.

"It's pretty clear when you look at the data that people of color are the majority of the film audience," Hunt said. "They are buying most of the tickets and even for the bigger films. At some point, the industry is going to have to realize that unless these films are catering to the market, we are leaving money on the table."

Hunt's 2016 report (PDF) found that films with relatively diverse casts -- half white, half non-white among principal actors -- enjoyed the highest median global box office receipts and the highest median return on investment.

In Hollywood, money and merit are two very different things. Being a blockbuster at the box office does not often translate to awards-season accolades, much to the disappointment of fans. Just ask devotees of the latest "Star Wars" film, which did gangbusters at the box office but was not nominated for best picture at the Oscars.

Oscar-winning actress Helen Mirren told the UK's Channel 4 news that it was "unfair to attack the academy" about the lack of diverse nominees this year.

"The issue we need to be looking at is what happens to the film before it gets to the Oscars," she said. "What kind of films are made. And the way in which they are cast. And the scripts. And go all the way back to the writing of the scripts. It's those things that are much more influential ultimately than who stands with an Oscar."

That type of reasoning may not be comforting to the artists of color who have tales to tell of what it means to be "other" in Hollywood.

"(In a mid-1990s) meeting, I was determined the lead (for a film) would be a black woman, and I remember the executive saying, 'Why does she have to be black?' And me saying, 'She doesn't have to be; I want her to be black. Why would you not consider it?' " John Ridley, screenwriter for "12 Years A Slave," told The New York Times. "It was stunning that they were so comfortable (saying that) to a person of color. That was the most painful, that casual disregard for my experience."

Actor Ben Stein has a different view.

Writing for "The American Spectator," Stein said, "The TV screen and the movie screen are overflowing with black actors, especially these days in commercials, but also in movies. The black actor in the recent 'Star Wars' had no important role to play except to be black in a blockbuster film.

"Why don't the nominees look like America? What does that even mean?" Stein wrote in the conservative publication. "The point is to recognize talent, not demographics. There weren't many Hispanic or Asian actors listed either. The demand that mere population be recognized instead of talent would be more apropos for locating fast food restaurants than recognizing acting talent."

Stein is right about Hispanic and Asian actors. Neither group has been represented with an acting Oscar in more than 50 years.

In a recent Instagram post, "Jane the Virgin" star Gina Rodriguez implored the Latino community to show Hollywood their buying power.

"There are 55 million Latinos in this country and although we all come from various backgrounds our unity can make a movie explode at the box office or a tv show soar to the highest viewers possible," she wrote. "The better these projects do financially, the more money they will spend on putting Latinos In blockbuster films, as leads in tv shows etc."

Movement Monday's. This is Oscar Isaac. He is a Guatemalan American actor. This is a picture from Ex Machina directed by Alex Garland and was released this past year. With all this Oscar Talk and lack of diversity I decided to start a movement and speak from the perspective of a Latina American who desires to see more Latinos on screen. There are 55 million Latinos in this country and although we all come from various backgrounds our unity can make a movie explode at the box office or a tv show soar to the highest viewers possible. The better these projects do financially, the more money they will spend on putting Latinos In blockbuster films, as leads in tv shows Etc. My solution is this, support is needed. Right now there isn't one Latino that can Greenlight a movie. That means no studio will put their money behind a Latino face as a lead of a movie because they don't believe we can make their money back. I am told time and time again "Latinos dont watch Latino Movies. Latinos don't support each other" and sadly that is true. I'm not saying go and see a movie you don't like to blind support, im saying if you want to see us represented on film and tv, if you want to see Latinos nominated for Oscars, we NEED to support one another. The industry sees money, the excuse can't just be racism. We can make a difference in a very powerful way if we unite our support as one Latino community. Oscar Isaac, in my opinion had an Oscar worthy performance in this film. Let's start making noise with where it matters most, where we put our dollars. Go support these films, watch these shows (mine is on tonight by the way, shameless promotion feel free to watch on the CW) and we can take making a change into our own hands. Each Monday I will highlight a latino artist we can support. Let us use our numbers and powerful voices to prove we support one another, to prove we can make a box office hit, to prove they need to support all the various Latino cultures in the media. That can be one part of the solution, so next year we have many movies that are worthy of Oscar contention! #MovementMondays Pick any Latino currently working we can support! A photo posted by Gina Rodriguez (@hereisgina) on Jan 25, 2016 at 10:00am PST

Looking overseas

"Real Time" host Bill Maher has a more pointed view. He blames it on Asian countries and the film industry's international marketing.

"The dirty little secret is, most movies are made now with an eye to the foreign market, and Asians really are racist," Maher said during his show.

Writing for Salon, author Paula Young Lee responded that "Maher is playing in half-truths."

"In 2014, China was the world's fastest growing movie market, and is expected to overtake the U.S. by 2020."

She continued, "But as an explanation for #OscarsSoWhite, Maher's blame game is so laughable that even a blogger posting on conservative Alan B. West's eponymous website thought it mixed apples with oranges. Usefully, however, it's symptomatic of the kind of quip-bait that deflects responsibility onto handy targets rather than taking a good hard look at the mirror."

Gil Robertson, president and co-creator of the African American Film Critics Association , also questions Maher's statement.

"The 'Fast & the Furious' franchise is one of the industry's most successful, and we haven't seen any attempts to duplicate that," he said. "(The movie) is the personification of the spirit of multiculturalism and the willingness to cast diversely. If there was a true willingness to see diversity, that would happen."

Robertson said he believes that while the bigger issue is the studio system, the #OscarsSoWhite conversation is valuable, as it is moving some to action, be it filmmakers of color intent on making their own way or those who want to keep the dialogue going beyond awards season.

Mogul Russell Simmons even organized -- in 10 days -- the first All Def Movie Awards , hosted by Chris Rock's comedian brother Tony Rock, to celebrate diversity in film. The ceremony is set to air on Fuse Network, opposite the Oscars.

Robertson applauds the academy's new diversity plan , which has the goal of doubling the number of women and diverse members by 2020. And there is an increased focus on executives such as Channing Dungey, an African-American woman who was recently named president of entertainment for ABC.

It remains to be seen whether Hollywood is ready to embrace the change or if it will once again be business as usual.&&&Coupled with high-profile issues like the shootings of unarmed black men by police, it yet again provided fodder for discussions about race in Hollywood.
"The color of moneyFor Hunt, whose center produces a diversity report each year and studies issues of race and Hollywood, the industry is overlooking another color: green.
I am told time and time again "Latinos dont watch Latino Movies.
In a recent Instagram post, "Jane the Virgin" star Gina Rodriguez implored the Latino community to show Hollywood their buying power.
It remains to be seen whether Hollywood is ready to embrace the change or if it will once again be business as usual.&&&
Don Melvin;Oren Liebermann;&&&Oren Liebermann&&&Palestinian teen's murder: Israeli man convicted after insanity plea rejected&&&(CNN) The third defendant in the 2014 murder of Palestinian teenager Mohammed Abu Khdeir has been convicted after an Israeli court rejected a last-minute insanity defense Tuesday.

The convicted man, Yosef Haim Ben-David, now faces the probability of being sentenced to life in prison. Two minors were convicted of murder earlier in the case. A judge sentenced one to life and the other to 21 years in prison.

Abu Khdeir, 16, was kidnapped, beaten and burned alive in Jerusalem in July 2014. His charred body was later found in a forest.

The Palestinian teen was murdered following the killing in the West Bank of three Israeli teens who were abducted on their way home from school. The teens' bodies were found more than two weeks later.

The separate killings contributed to soaring of tensions between Israelis and Palestinians before the 2014 Gaza war.

Palestinian father: 'The court brought nothing new'

The judge had ruled in December that Ben-David was responsible for the killing. Tuesday's ruling rejected a defense of insanity, finding instead that the defendant was responsible for his actions.

Speaking to CNN after the hearing, Hussein Abu Khdeir, the father of Mohammed, said he was frustrated with the drawn-out legal process.

"This is what we know from the beginning. The court brought nothing new, but it was and still is, wasting time," he said. "Now, after 36 court sessions, after a year and nine months, they discovered that this was a murder? They burned my son and are still burning the whole family slowly."

The father said he submitted two papers to the court. The first requests the demolition of the killers' homes, a measure the Israeli government has used only against the families of Palestinian attackers.

The second paper requests Israel to revoke the killers' citizenship.

"I am very emotional and angry after today's session," Abu Khdeir said.&&&(CNN) The third defendant in the 2014 murder of Palestinian teenager Mohammed Abu Khdeir has been convicted after an Israeli court rejected a last-minute insanity defense Tuesday.
Palestinian father: 'The court brought nothing new'The judge had ruled in December that Ben-David was responsible for the killing.
The Palestinian teen was murdered following the killing in the West Bank of three Israeli teens who were abducted on their way home from school.
Abu Khdeir, 16, was kidnapped, beaten and burned alive in Jerusalem in July 2014.
"I am very emotional and angry after today's session," Abu Khdeir said.&&&
Impact Your World Team Cnn;&&&Impact Your World Team Cnn&&&Help refugees survive the Syrian conflict&&&(CNN) Millions of Syrians and Iraqis have fled their homes, leaving with only the clothes on their backs. Organizations are trying to help by providing food, shelter and medical care.&&&Organizations are trying to help by providing food, shelter and medical care.
(CNN) Millions of Syrians and Iraqis have fled their homes, leaving with only the clothes on their backs.&&&
Recep Tayyip Erdogan President Of Turkey;&&&Recep Tayyip Erdogan President Of Turkey&&&Erdogan: Solidarity is key to defeating terrorism&&&(CNN) All people -- regardless of their political opinions, nationality, religious affiliation and cultural backgrounds -- are united in a desire for peace and justice. Indeed, the history of mankind is, in a sense, also the history of the quest for justice and peace.

Islam has also been part of this quest. The Arabic root of the word Islam, "silm," means peace, and Islam is a faith that commands its followers to promote justice and act justly in political, commercial and social life. As a result, Muslim states in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East attached particular importance to the values of justice and peace for some 1,400 years.

Sadly, the Islamic world today suffers from a scarcity of both justice and peace.

From Syria to Iraq, Libya to Palestine and Yemen to the Central African Republic, millions of Muslims yearn for peace, stability and dignity as they fight for survival. Yet terrorist groups and bloodthirsty regimes have been wreaking havoc through ancient cities, and destroying some of Islamic civilization's most prestigious artworks, libraries, mosques and other historical relics.

The Islamic world is effectively being crushed under the weight of one of the most serious challenges since World War I as armed conflicts, civil wars, failed states and outdated political structures deprive many Muslim countries of peace and security. All this is being compounded -- in Syria and elsewhere -- through military intervention and the support of illegitimate governments by foreign nations with little or no knowledge of the region's history, values and sociology.

Meanwhile, sectarianism is creating ever greater friction between fellow Muslims. The fact that the Islamic world is still grappling with a problem that Europe resolved in the 17th century is something that is clearly worth thinking about. Of course, sectarian tensions are rooted in political conflict that is being fueled by groups driven by greed and short-term interests. But it is ironic that the main beneficiaries of this sectarian conflict are terrorist organizations and enemies of Islam.

Unfortunately, many Muslims -- particularly young people -- find themselves particularly vulnerable to the message of terrorist groups such as Daesh (ISIS) and al Qaeda, and this is an issue that Muslim countries cannot and must not remain indifferent to.

The reality is that terrorism is no longer a threat only to a handful of nations or regions. It has evolved into a global problem that victimizes, first and foremost, Muslim communities in Europe, South Asia, West Africa and the Americas. Sources of evil go by different names, and adhere to various ideologies. But what they have in common is a desire to destroy the memory, values and future for Muslims around the world.

This problem is made worse in Western societies, especially, that have seen the spread of racism, discrimination, xenophobia and Islamophobia, all of which offend and intimidate Muslims. Across Europe, mosques, Muslim-owned businesses and residential buildings are regularly torched and vandalized. It is therefore essential that the international community take steps to ensure that Muslims -- who have actually been the primary target of terrorist attacks -- are not simply treated as suspects.

Here in Turkey, we have been fighting the PKK, a globally recognized terrorist organization, for 30 years. We have lost more than 40,000 people to terrorism . And, having learned firsthand what terrorists want and the destruction they cause, we have been working hard to persuade the international community to take a firm stand against terrorism.

Unfortunately, in this case, the international community has not assumed a principled stance on terrorist groups that threaten all of us. In Northern Syria, PYD/YPG, the PKK's Syrian franchise, has been subjecting native Arab and Turkmen communities and rival Kurdish groups to forced migration and ethnic cleansing.

Yet it would be a fatal mistake to play favorites among terrorist groups and make an imaginary distinction between "good terrorists" and "bad terrorists."

By employing double standards on terrorism, the international community only encourages terrorists and undermines the global war on terror. The only way to defeat terrorism today is for Muslims and the rest of the world to cooperate more closely and to promote solidarity.

I have no doubt that member states of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation , who are meeting this week in Istanbul, will come together to lead the global effort against terrorism.

Yet Muslims around the world must raise their voices against all forms of oppression and stand with the oppressed, and the identity of the oppressor and the oppressed must not be a factor in this endeavor. That is why Turkey refused to leave the victims of conflict in Syria and Iraq to the mercy of terrorists and criminal regimes. Today, the Turkish people are proud to host some three million Syrian and Iraqi refugees at refugee camps across the country. And we pledge to address the needs of our neighbors until the violence ends and peace is restored in their native countries.

The Organization of Islamic Cooperation has facilitated discussion on the Islamic world's problems and consultation among Muslim leaders, and it has assisted member states in reaching important decisions for nearly half a century. The question of Palestine and Jerusalem, in which the OIC is rooted, will be at the top of the Istanbul summit's agenda. Meanwhile, we believe that addressing regional challenges, including the situation in Syria and Iraq, falls within the OIC's responsibilities.

When Muslim leaders meet this week in Istanbul, they will not be coming as Shiites and Sunnis, Africans and Asians, Westerners and Easterners, blacks and whites or members of various ethnic groups. Instead, we will be joining together as individuals who are all equally responsible for the welfare of 1.7 billion Muslims -- and the rest of humanity.

Muslims make up about a quarter of the world's population, but we need to work together in taking the steps necessary to ensure they take their proper place in the global system. In practical terms, that means the adoption of the OIC 2025 Action Plan, which identifies key targets for the next decade. And when Turkey takes over the OIC's presidency for a two-year term, we will also work hard to meet these objectives.

Islamic civilization considers human beings to be the most noble creatures, and it calls on leaders to "let people live so that the state shall survive." With this in mind, Muslim leaders bear a heavy burden. And the best way to manage this burden is to prioritize the broader Muslim community's well-being over individual interests so that we can make a constructive mark on the 21st century.

Recep Tayyip Erdogan is President of Turkey. The views expressed are his own.&&&Unfortunately, in this case, the international community has not assumed a principled stance on terrorist groups that threaten all of us.
Yet it would be a fatal mistake to play favorites among terrorist groups and make an imaginary distinction between "good terrorists" and "bad terrorists.
The fact that the Islamic world is still grappling with a problem that Europe resolved in the 17th century is something that is clearly worth thinking about.
Sadly, the Islamic world today suffers from a scarcity of both justice and peace.
The only way to defeat terrorism today is for Muslims and the rest of the world to cooperate more closely and to promote solidarity.&&&
	&&&Recep Tayyip Erdogan President Of Turkey&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
	&&&Recep Tayyip Erdogan President Of Turkey&&&Church surveillance shows suspect in woman's homicide&&&Texas investigators have released church surveillance video of the suspect in the homicide of Terri "Missy" Bevers walking around in tactical gear. CNN affiliate KTVT reports.&&&Texas investigators have released church surveillance video of the suspect in the homicide of Terri "Missy" Bevers walking around in tactical gear.
CNN affiliate KTVT reports.&&&
	&&&Recep Tayyip Erdogan President Of Turkey&&&What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos&&&29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Villanova's Kris Jenkins shoots a buzzer-beating 3-pointer to defeat North Carolina 77-74 in the NCAA Tournament final on Monday, April 4. It is the second national title in Villanova history. The Wildcats also won it all in 1985. Hide Caption 1 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Cricket players from the West Indies celebrate during the final of the World Twenty20, which they won Sunday, April 3, in Kolkata, India. The "Windies" defeated England for their second Twenty20 title. Hide Caption 2 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Bradley Smith falls off his motorcycle during a MotoGP qualifying session on Saturday, April 2. He raced the next day and finished eighth in the Argentina Grand Prix. Hide Caption 3 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Adam Jones is introduced before the Baltimore Orioles' Opening Day baseball game on Monday, April 4. Hide Caption 4 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Lambs race in Ascot, England, on Sunday, April 3. Hide Caption 5 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Greg Bird suffered a cut to the face during a National Rugby League match in Gold Coast, Australia, on Friday, April 1. Hide Caption 6 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos The Belgian national soccer team, right, and the Portuguese national team observe a minute of silence Tuesday, March 29, for the victims of the Brussels terror attacks. The international friendly match, initially scheduled for the Belgian capital, was moved to Leiria, Portugal. Hide Caption 7 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Atlanta's Al Horford fouls Cleveland's LeBron James during an NBA game in Atlanta on Friday, April 1. Hide Caption 8 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Mark Morgan splashes into the mud during a "Mudda-Cross" event in Jacksonville, Texas, on Friday, April 1. Hide Caption 9 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Lydia Ko leads the leap into Poppie's Pond after winning the ANA Inspiration, a golf tournament in Rancho Mirage, California, on Sunday, April 3. It's the second major in a row for Ko, an 18-year-old from New Zealand who won the Evian Championship in September. Hide Caption 10 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Jeremy Stravius swims the 200-meter freestyle at France's Olympic qualifiers on Wednesday, March 30. Hide Caption 11 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Syracuse forward Michael Gbinije sits on the bench during the second half of a Final Four game in Houston on Saturday, April 2. The Orange lost to North Carolina 83-66, ending their season as well as Gbinije's collegiate career. Hide Caption 12 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Skiers climb Sunday, April 3, during the Trophees du Muveran, a mountaineering race in the Swiss Alps. Hide Caption 13 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Teams walk through Nelson, New Zealand, during the GODZone Adventure Race on Sunday, April 3. Hide Caption 14 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos A competitor rides a bronco during the Lang Lang Rodeo, one of Australia's oldest rodeos, on Monday, March 28. Hide Caption 15 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Russian ice dancers Alexandra Stepanova and Ivan Bukin compete at the World Figure Skating Championships in Boston on Thursday, March 31. Hide Caption 16 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Gervonta Davis celebrates his knockout victory over Guillermo Avila during a boxing card in Washington on Friday, April 1. Davis improved his record to 15-0. Hide Caption 17 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Novak Djokovic jumps for joy after defeating Kei Nishikori in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday, April 3. It is the sixth Miami Open title for Djokovic, the world's top-ranked tennis player. Hide Caption 18 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Minnesota's Andrew Wiggins leans in for a layup during an NBA game in Minneapolis on Sunday, April 3. Hide Caption 19 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris dives for a shot but can't make the save during a friendly match against Russia on Tuesday, March 29. It was France's first match at the Stade de France since the Paris terror attacks in November. Hide Caption 20 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Syracuse's bench reacts to a 3-pointer during the team's Final Four win on Sunday, April 3. The Orange defeated Washington 80-59 to advance to the championship game. Hide Caption 21 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Runners participate in the Paris Marathon on Sunday, April 3. Hide Caption 22 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos NASCAR driver Kyle Busch celebrates on top of his car after winning the Sprint Cup race in Martinsville, Virginia, on Sunday, April 3. It was the first victory of the season for Busch, who won the Sprint Cup title in 2015. Hide Caption 23 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos IndyCars line up before the start of the Phoenix Grand Prix on Saturday, April 2. Hide Caption 24 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Cruz Azul's Kevin Montano slides into Pachuca's Rodolfo Pizarro during a league match in Mexico City on Saturday, April 2. Hide Caption 25 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Fans of Werder Bremen support their soccer club during a German league match at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday, April 2. Hide Caption 26 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Formula One driver Nico Rosberg is sprayed by members of his team after winning the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday, April 3. Rosberg has won both of this season's F1 races. Hide Caption 27 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Travis Cloke of the Collingwood Magpies has his vision obscured by Alex Rance of the Richmond Tigers during an Australian Football League match in Melbourne on Friday, April 1. Hide Caption 28 of 29&&&29 amazing sports photos French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris dives for a shot but can't make the save during a friendly match against Russia on Tuesday, March 29.
29 amazing sports photos Bradley Smith falls off his motorcycle during a MotoGP qualifying session on Saturday, April 2.
29 amazing sports photos Adam Jones is introduced before the Baltimore Orioles' Opening Day baseball game on Monday, April 4.
29 amazing sports photos Syracuse's bench reacts to a 3-pointer during the team's Final Four win on Sunday, April 3.
29 amazing sports photos Mark Morgan splashes into the mud during a "Mudda-Cross" event in Jacksonville, Texas, on Friday, April 1.&&&
Moni Basu;Jennifer Teege;&&&Jennifer Teege&&&Black German woman learns her grandfather was a Nazi&&&Atlanta (CNN) Jennifer Teege thought she knew the hard truths of her life: that her German mother left her in the care of nuns when she was 4 weeks old, and that her biological father was Nigerian, making her the only black child in her Munich neighborhood.

But the hardest truth came to her years later on a warm August day in Hamburg when she walked into the central library and picked up a red book with a black-and-white picture of a woman on the cover. It was titled "I Have to Love My Father, Don't I?"

As Teege, then 38, flipped through the pages, she felt she'd been caught in a furious storm that had suddenly come from nowhere.

She had unearthed the ghastly family secret.

She looked at the names of people and places in the book and realized that the woman on the cover was her biological mother.

Actor Ralph Fiennes played Amon Goeth in the movie "Schindler's List."

And the father in the title was none other than Amon Goeth, the sadistic Nazi who was commandant of the Plaszow concentration camp in Poland. Many came to know about Amon Goeth through Ralph Fiennes' portrayal of him in the 1993 movie "Schindler's List."

Teege doesn't know why she was drawn to the book. But on that day, Teege learned that she -- a black German woman who'd gone to college in Israel and befriended the descendants of Holocaust survivors, who now had a successful career and a loving family -- was the granddaughter of a monster.

It was a moment that cut her life in two. There was the "before," when she knew nothing of her family's sinister past, and "after," when she was forced to live with that truth.

In the library, Teege grew cold knowing she was connected by blood to a man responsible for the deaths of 8,000 Jews. She checked out her mother's book, lay down on a bench outside and called her husband to come fetch her.

Teege had battled depression all her life and had wondered what was behind her sadness. In fact, she'd gone to the library that day for psychological research.

"I always had this inner feeling that something was wrong," she says, likening it to being inside a house with many locked doors. "I didn't know what was behind them."

She looked in the mirror at herself, saw Amon Goeth's chin, the same lines between the nose and mouth, and thought: "Do I carry something of him in me?"

After the initial jolt eased, she embarked on a quest to know everything. Eventually, she wrote a book of her own: "My Grandfather Would Have Shot Me: A Black Woman Discovers her Family's Nazi Past."

She feels fairly certain that her grandfather would not have hesitated to kill her. She is, after all, far from the Aryan ideal espoused by Amon Goeth, who, according to Teege's book, went to the gallows saying, "Heil Hitler."

"It's a story you can't take to your grave. It's exceptional," Teege says on a recent January day at Atlanta's Emory University, where she spoke about her identity and her journey to reconcile with it.

She has left her job in advertising and made her personal history her life's work now. She speaks about how she progressed from her initial fear and guilt to acceptance of her history and knowledge that she is a very different person than her grandfather.

"Today, I am not afraid of him," she says. "We are two very different people."

And she talks about how, for a long time before her discovery, she didn't believe in fate, only in chance. But now she thinks differently. She thinks about the choices she made that took her to Israel and led her to her mother's book. She believes she made them for a reason.

Some things in life, she says, are predetermined.

Living with the dead

Teege's case was exceptional, thought Peter Bruendl, a Munich psychoanalyst who has treated her and other grandchildren of Nazis.

Teege first had to deal with being a mixed-race child given up for adoption and the feelings that can bring, of being unwanted and worthless, Bruendl says in Teege's book. And then, when she thought she was settled in life, she suffered again with the discovery of her family history.

"Frau Teege's experience is heartbreaking," he says. "Even her conception was a provocation."

Teege's mother became pregnant after a brief affair with a Nigerian student. She was working six days a week and battling depression and took the baby to Salberg House, a Catholic home for infants in suburban Munich.

Jennifer Teege always wondered about the darkness in her life. At 38, she learned the secrets of her family.

For the first few years of Teege's life, her mother occasionally came to see her at Salberg House and sometimes took the child to visit her grandmother. A foster family took Teege in when she was 3 and adopted her four years later, insisting that her mother refrain from further contact.

Teege wouldn't see her mother again until she was 21, after a younger half sister called and re-established contact. Born Monika Goeth, Teege's mother had since taken her husband's last name and is now known as Monika Hertwig.

Hertwig had never told her young daughter about their Nazi blood. Nor did she mention it at that meeting.

"She decided not to say anything," Teege says. "She thought that if I didn't know, it would be easier for me. I believe her."

Teege found the book at the library 17 years later.

JUST WATCHED 'One minute like an entire day': Remembering Auschwitz Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'One minute like an entire day': Remembering Auschwitz 02:56

Just hours after she took the book home on that day in 2008, German television aired a PBS documentary called "Inheritance" in which the filmmaker had taken Teege's mother and Helen Jonas-Rosenzweig, a Jewish maid subjected to Amon Goeth's cruelty, back to Plaszow.

Teege, however, did not see the film until later; even then, she could not finish it in one sitting. Beyond the shocking history, it was too much to bear to see intimate details about the mother who'd been absent in her life.

In retrospect, Teege thinks her mother should not have agreed to be filmed in such a vulnerable state. She looked so lost and lonely.

"My mother was fragile then. She wasn't ready to be on screen," Teege says.

The film documents awkward moments in which Hertwig is still repeating phrases she heard growing up, that Amon Goeth only shot Jews because they spread infectious diseases.

"Monika, please, stop. Stop right now," Jonas-Rosenzweig tells her as the two are standing in Goeth's villa at Plaszow.

At the time, Hertwig was still piecing together the story of her father's horrors.

No one in post-war Germany spoke of what they knew of the Holocaust. Nobody wanted to talk about what happened to the Jews, Hertwig once said. "They were extinct like the dinosaurs."

Hertwig's mother -- Ruth Irene Kalder, Goeth's mistress at his villa in Plaszow -- beat her when she asked too many questions. The older woman had always spoken of Goeth as a "war hero," and Hertwig grew up surrounded by lies, thinking of her father as another victim of the Third Reich.

Hertwig finally learned from her grandmother that Goeth was far from a hero, that he tortured and killed people.

JUST WATCHED Reporter's Notebook: Finding a Nazi in Queens Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Reporter's Notebook: Finding a Nazi in Queens 02:11

Ruth, who later in life took Goeth's surname, never showed any remorse except once, according to Hertwig. Shortly before Ruth committed suicide in 1983, she said she should have done more to help people.

After finding Hertwig's book, Teege knew she had to seek her mother out -- not so much for a reckoning, she says, but because she had too many questions swirling in her head. She wanted details that only her birth mother could know.

By then, many months had passed and Teege had already gone to Poland, already seen the places where her mother had also returned to learn the truth. She found Hertwig's address and went to see her, not knowing whether there would be acceptance or rejection. She had learned so much about her mother through her book, the documentary and online research. Yet she didn't know her.

They visited Ruth's grave together, and Hertwig talked about Amon Goeth as though he were at Plaszow only yesterday. Hertwig has said in interviews that speaking ill of her father feels like a betrayal of her mother.

She was living with the dead, Hertwig told her daughter.

Teege says she saw in her mother what she has seen in relatives of other Nazi perpetrators, especially their children. Many cannot bear to live with the sins of their fathers. Others have sterilized themselves, as though a Nazi gene could be passed on through birth.

Teege is thankful she is different than her mother, who Teege says still lives every day with the notion that she has to atone for Goeth's deeds. Teege has seen this kind of suffering in the children of Holocaust victims as well.

"The second generation had a lot of trouble dealing with the Holocaust," Teege says. "My generation, we are different. We know the difference between responsibility and guilt."

Teege doesn't believe in inherited guilt. Everyone, she says, has the right to his or her own life story.

Destiny

Teege's life story is punctuated with ironies and coincidences so great that they prompted her to rethink the concept of fate.

As a young woman, long before her discovery, she attended the Sorbonne in Paris for a year and, in a life drawing class, she met Noa, an Israeli woman. Teege later vacationed in Israel, and on one trip, after sleeping through her 4:30 a.m. alarm and missing her flight back to Germany, she ended up staying. She attended Tel Aviv University, earned a degree in Middle Eastern and African studies and learned to speak Hebrew.

"That I chose Israel ... that I missed the flight and stayed -- this makes my story more striking," Teege says. "Destiny."

Today, I am not afraid of him. We are two very different people. Jennifer Teege

She was in Israel when "Schindler's List" opened, and everyone was talking about Steven Spielberg's Holocaust movie. Teege watched it later on TV in her Tel Aviv flat. It was just a movie to her then, one that she thought had too much of a Hollywood ending.

The subtitle of her mother's book was, "The Life Story of Monika Goeth, Daughter of the Concentration Camp Commandant in 'Schindler's List.' " That day in the Hamburg library, Teege's mind churned to recall the movie. Suddenly, it became deeply personal.

Teege says she does not want to keep secrets from her friends and family. Two years went by before she could reveal her Nazi roots to her friends in Israel, descendants of Holocaust victims and survivors. She didn't know if any of them were directly connected to Plaszow, and she was afraid how they might react.

But in her book, Teege describes her Jewish friends as being empathetic. "They cried with me."

She also has spoken with her young sons.

"It was important to me not to keep it a secret," she says. She doesn't want them to go through the shock of discovery, which became almost as traumatic for Teege as the truth itself.

"But I have not let them watch 'Schindler's List,' " she says. "They should be older."

People assume she has watched the movie many times. They are wrong. She doesn't feel the need to watch it over and over. She knows her grandfather's story.

A woman with two lives

It has been more than seven years since Teege learned she was the granddaughter of Amon Goeth. She thinks of her stranger-than-fiction life as a puzzle with many pieces but missing a frame. Her discovery at the Hamburg library helped her put it all together.

"My life is much better than what it used to be," she says.

She is thankful she had an identity in her "before" years. That's what she held onto in the "after" years.

Teege's mother has not called her daughter again since their last meeting. In Teege's book, Hertwig says she didn't understand her daughter's need for reconciliation and felt it was too late to start a relationship.

But Teege's quest to know her true identity opened other doors. Growing up, she'd never felt a need to find her biological father. But once she had come to terms with her mother's family, she sought out her father, too. They finally met, and the two remain in contact.

"It's a nice addition -- to know my black heritage," she says. "And crucial. It's part of my identity."

At 45, Teege says she is now a woman with two lives. She is a mother and a teacher. That's the part she calls normal. The other life is led as the granddaughter of Amon Goeth. She knows she has to keep the two separate.

Most of all, she has learned not to live constantly in the past.&&&Eventually, she wrote a book of her own: "My Grandfather Would Have Shot Me: A Black Woman Discovers her Family's Nazi Past.
In Teege's book, Hertwig says she didn't understand her daughter's need for reconciliation and felt it was too late to start a relationship.
"And the father in the title was none other than Amon Goeth, the sadistic Nazi who was commandant of the Plaszow concentration camp in Poland.
Born Monika Goeth, Teege's mother had since taken her husband's last name and is now known as Monika Hertwig.
Many came to know about Amon Goeth through Ralph Fiennes' portrayal of him in the 1993 movie "Schindler's List.&&&
	&&&Jennifer Teege&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
Tricia Escobedo;&&&Tricia Escobedo&&&'80s music icons: Whitney, Michael, Bowie ... now Prince?&&&Story highlights These four performers defined pop music, style and fashions of the '80s

Bowie, Jackson, Prince, Houston color the memories of kids who grew up in that decade

(CNN) If you grew up in the '80s, you probably have a childhood memory related to Prince that came rushing back when the news of his death broke.

Maybe it was a moment at a Prince concert, or seeing his wild music videos for the first time on MTV, or how you once thought his song "Little Red Corvette" was really about the car.

Then you may have realized not too long ago, you were flooded with similar emotions about David Bowie ... Whitney Houston a few years earlier ... and Michael Jackson in 2009. (Wow, it doesn't seem that long ago.)

These artists' music, style and personalities defined the 1980s -- you couldn't turn on the radio without hearing one of their songs.

Michael Jackson

Read More&&&)These artists' music, style and personalities defined the 1980s -- you couldn't turn on the radio without hearing one of their songs.
Then you may have realized not too long ago, you were flooded with similar emotions about David Bowie ... Whitney Houston a few years earlier ... and Michael Jackson in 2009.
Maybe it was a moment at a Prince concert, or seeing his wild music videos for the first time on MTV, or how you once thought his song "Little Red Corvette" was really about the car.
Story highlights These four performers defined pop music, style and fashions of the '80sBowie, Jackson, Prince, Houston color the memories of kids who grew up in that decade(CNN) If you grew up in the '80s, you probably have a childhood memory related to Prince that came rushing back when the news of his death broke.
(Wow, it doesn't seem that long ago.&&&
Kelly Wallace;&&&Kelly Wallace&&&Female emojis: Sexist and harmful to girls?&&&Kelly Wallace is CNN's digital correspondent and editor-at-large covering family, career and life. Read her other columns and follow her reports at CNN Parents and on Twitter @kellywallacetv.

(CNN) My girls will think it's more than a little bit ironic that I am writing a story about emojis, those characters you find throughout texts and social media, since they believe I'm the last person on the planet to download them on my phone. (I only did that a few months ago!)

It is estimated that 6 billion emojis are sent every day, according to Swyft Media , with young girls believed to be responsible for more than a billion of the daily output. They are so popular that Oxford Dictionaries declared emoji the official word of 2015. Clearly, I am very slow to capitalize on this trend!

So, as an emoji novice, if there is such an expression, I had no idea what female and male characters were available to choose from until I watched the newest #LikeAGirl video by Always, the creator of sanitary pads. In this latest video, which follows videos in 2014 and 2015 that went viral showcasing how a girls' confidence plummets during puberty, girls are asked about the emojis that are available to represent them.

"They're all mainly pink. That's pretty much it," said one girl, as you see a series of girl emojis on the screen, including one of a girl getting a haircut and another of a girl putting her hand up, both wearing pink.

Said another girl, "There (are) no girls in the professional emojis unless you count being a bride a profession." (There are also emojis of girls as princesses and what appear to be Playboy bunnies.)

Girls of various ages and backgrounds note how there are boy emojis for rock climbing, playing basketball and biking, but none for girls doing the same activities. "Except for the surfer. That one's a girl. Nope, it's just a guy with long hair," says another girl in the video before she laughs.

'As soon as you see it, you can't unsee it'

Rachel Simmons, co-founder of the national nonprofit Girls Leadership, which focuses on girls in K-12, and a #LikeAGirl spokesperson, said as obsessed as she is about social media, she had never thought about the representation of girls in emojis until Always brought it up.

"It's sort of something that is hiding in plain sight," said Simmons, author of the New York Times bestseller "Odd Girl Out: The Hidden Culture of Aggression in Girls." "And then as soon as you see it, you can't unsee it."

JUST WATCHED Why doing it 'like a girl' is great Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why doing it 'like a girl' is great 01:46

Fitfy-four percent of girls 16 to 24 years old believe that female emojis are stereotypical, and half said they represent a limited range of female interests, according to a national survey of more than 1,000 females sponsored by Always. Seventy-five percent of girls 16 to 24 would like to see more progressive depictions of female emojis such as female athletes and female police officers, the survey found.

In the video, girls said they'd love to see an emoji of a girl lifting weights, playing soccer, wrestling, going to the gym and teaching people how to play drums, even an emoji for a "super bad ass girl," says one girl.

"I want every girl to grow up thinking that she's capable of everything," says another.

When girls see girl emojis funneled into particular roles and male emojis doing active things, it reflects what we tend to see in the media about how boys and girls are portrayed, with boys taking up space, making things happen and accomplishing their goals, said Simmons, who recently wrote a piece for the New York Times "Why Your Kids Love SnapChat, and Why You Should Let Them."

Those images impact the gender norms that kids learn around what's acceptable for a boy and a girl to do, she added. "And so if you are exposed to a stream of images of girls kind of doing more feeling than doing, girls are emoting rather than doing, that is sending a message around girls being more passive or that girls should be more passive, and boys should be more active," said Simmons.

JUST WATCHED Teens' social secrets go deeper than parents think Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Teens' social secrets go deeper than parents think 02:10

At the same time that girls are truly beginning to use emojis as a language, as they begin to text and use social media such as Snapchat and Instagram, they are usually at that developmental moment where fitting in is paramount to them, said Simmons.

"So 'I want to be like everyone else, it matters to me that I conform,' and this is the moment when they start to internalize those emojis ... There's like an intersection between what's happening developmentally for them and that onslaught that's happening with the emoji."

More female emojis in the future?

Emojis, which were created by a communications firm in Japan in the late 1990s, are regulated by something called the Unicode Consortium, a nonprofit organization focused on developing, maintaining and promoting software standards around the world. In a statement, the group's president told CNN it has been addressing the need for more emoji choices for some time.

"The set of emoji characters encoded in Unicode began with a particular set popular with Japanese telecommunications carriers," said Mark Davis, president of Unicode Consortium. "Since that time, the Unicode Consortium has focused on broadening cultural representation in emoji to include diversity of skin tone, family groupings, and geographic locales. Over the last cycle, the Consortium has been working on full representation of gender in emoji. The draft for that was announced on Feb 29, 2016."

JUST WATCHED Are we addicted to the Internet? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Are we addicted to the Internet? 02:02

I can already hear the critics who will argue that representation in emojis seems like such a small matter as compared to other issues affecting young women and girls, or the men's rights activists who will "start screaming about political correctness gone haywire," as writer Sophie Kleeman put it in a piece titled "Hey, Unicode, It's About Damn Time We Had Some Emojis for Professional Women."

No, it's not the biggest issue affecting women and young girls, but it's still an important one based on how intensely girls engage with emojis and how they internalize messages so subconsciously through their media, said Simmons, the author and educator.

"The lack of emoji options for the working woman is worth examining because it's a small yet clear example of a social scheme that still manages to reinforce traditional gender stereotypes at every turn -- even when the issue is as seemingly innocuous as a tiny digital face," wrote Kleeman, a staff writer for Mic, which focuses on news for millennials.

Lucy Walker, an Academy Award-nominated documentary filmmaker who studied sociolinguistics and gender when she was younger, directed the new #LikeAGirl video.

"With my background ... I've always been aware of the important nuances in the ways we communicate and I recognize that language that reinforces stereotypes can have a profound impact on girls' confidence," said Walker in an email Q&A.

Research shows that girls' confidence tends to drop during puberty. Sixty-seven percent of the 16 to 24 year-olds surveyed by Always said that the available emojis implied that girls are limited in what they can do.

Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

There's an obvious "lack of symmetry" of opportunity for girls in emojis and "clear messages about the things girls should and should not be doing," said Walker. "And since emojis are so frequently used by young girls and teenagers, whose confidence is already dropping, this is especially regrettable."

As one girl said in the video with resignation, "Girls love emojis but there aren't enough emojis to say what girls do. That's just how things are."

Maybe that will change.&&&Seventy-five percent of girls 16 to 24 would like to see more progressive depictions of female emojis such as female athletes and female police officers, the survey found.
"As one girl said in the video with resignation, "Girls love emojis but there aren't enough emojis to say what girls do.
)Girls of various ages and backgrounds note how there are boy emojis for rock climbing, playing basketball and biking, but none for girls doing the same activities.
"More female emojis in the future?
There's an obvious "lack of symmetry" of opportunity for girls in emojis and "clear messages about the things girls should and should not be doing," said Walker.&&&
Julia Jones;Flora Charner;Shasta Darlington;&&&Shasta Darlington&&&Rio de Janeiro bike path collapse leaves 2 dead&&&Story highlights Strong wave caused bike path to drop about 25 meters to the beach, city says

Rio de Janeiro mayor inaugurated the path in January

Rio de Janeiro (CNN) The host city for the 2016 Summer Olympics was hit with a setback Thursday when a large portion of a multimillion-dollar seaside bike path collapsed, killing two people and injuring three others.

The deaths came hours after the Olympic torch was lit in Greece as a prelude to the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.

According to the city's government, a strong wave struck, causing a 50-meter (164-foot) stretch of the path to detach and drop about 25 meters (82 feet). It happened roughly 800 meters (nearly half a mile) from Sao Conrado Beach.

Rio de Janeiro municipal spokesman Pedro Paulo Carvalho told journalists at the scene that at least two people had died. Firefighters told CNN the victims were two males and that three other people had been rescued.

Read More&&&Firefighters told CNN the victims were two males and that three other people had been rescued.
Rio de Janeiro municipal spokesman Pedro Paulo Carvalho told journalists at the scene that at least two people had died.
The deaths came hours after the Olympic torch was lit in Greece as a prelude to the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
According to the city's government, a strong wave struck, causing a 50-meter (164-foot) stretch of the path to detach and drop about 25 meters (82 feet).
Story highlights Strong wave caused bike path to drop about 25 meters to the beach, city saysRio de Janeiro mayor inaugurated the path in JanuaryRio de Janeiro (CNN) The host city for the 2016 Summer Olympics was hit with a setback Thursday when a large portion of a multimillion-dollar seaside bike path collapsed, killing two people and injuring three others.&&&
Chris Isidore;&&&Chris Isidore&&&Visa moves to speed up chip card transactions&&&Visa is moving to fix one of the bigger complaints about its new chip-embedded credit cards: It takes too long to pay with them.

The credit card company said it is upgrading software which will allow consumers to insert and remove the card in two seconds or less, rather than to keep the card inserted in the card reader until the transaction is complete. Current chip card transactions can take 7 to 10 seconds on average, according to a study by merchant services provider Harbortouch.

Consumers used to simply swiping the magnetic strip on the back of the card have complained about the time it took to use the new chip. And nearly four times as many consumers are more worried about speedy processing times rather than chip card security, according to the survey by Harbortouch.

Having to leave the card in the reader while the entire transaction was processed also increases the risk that the card would be left behind by a consumer who is used to being able to put the card away immediately.

Visa (V) said the new process, which it dubs Quick Chip, should "make the checkout experience comparable to the ease and speed of magnetic stripe transactions."

But while other card issuers such as MasterCard (MA) and American Express (AXP) also have cards that use the chip, the new high speed checkout is so far only available for Visa credit and debit card holders.

Related: Don't fall for this chip card scam

The chips hold customers' payment data, as magnetic strips have long done. They also provide a unique code specific to each purchase, which is designed to cut down on hacking of cards by thieves.

The new chip readers are available at more than a million U.S. merchants, or about 20% of locations, according to Visa. Their use is widespread in Europe though, and has been for years.

Related: Just how safe is your new credit card?

With the new cards, banks are now holding merchants liable for credit card fraud if they continue to use swipe readers. Before the widespread introduction of the cards last fall, if a fraudster used a hacked credit card at a store, the bank usually covered the cost of the fraud.

The new process requires only a software update to the card reader and no change to the cards is required said Visa.&&&Current chip card transactions can take 7 to 10 seconds on average, according to a study by merchant services provider Harbortouch.
The credit card company said it is upgrading software which will allow consumers to insert and remove the card in two seconds or less, rather than to keep the card inserted in the card reader until the transaction is complete.
Related: Don't fall for this chip card scamThe chips hold customers' payment data, as magnetic strips have long done.
And nearly four times as many consumers are more worried about speedy processing times rather than chip card security, according to the survey by Harbortouch.
The new process requires only a software update to the card reader and no change to the cards is required said Visa.&&&
	&&&Chris Isidore&&&Queen Nefertiti's resting place discovered?&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Rachel Rodriguez;&&&Rachel Rodriguez&&&Happy World Wildlife Day!&&&In honor of World Wildlife Day on March 3, CNN.com brings you these stunning photos and tips, which were first published in 2014.

(CNN) Camping in the freezing snow at an altitude of 6,000 feet. Trekking through the jungle with an armed guard. Sitting on a boat in crocodile-infested waters.

Craig Smith sure has done a lot to take a good picture.

The chief financial officer from Orange County, California, has a second life as a wildlife photographer. His passion started early, at age 8. His grandparents gave him a camera before a trip to Yellowstone National Park, thinking he might like to photograph the bears.

"I struggled when I was young with focus, so they thought picture-taking would be a good hobby," he said.

Since then, he's visited Africa 10 times, taken photos of animals on all seven continents, and been to both the North and South poles. He's photographed pandas in China, gorillas in Rwanda, lions in Namibia and polar bears in Norway. He'd ultimately like to take underwater photos of a Great White Shark.

Experience the majesty of Smith's wildlife photography, and that of other CNN iReporters, in the gallery above. And if you'd like to shoot gorgeous animal photos of your own -- whether of the birds in your back yard or on a monthlong safari -- follow their tips below.

1. Get comfortable outside

If you want to take pictures of animals, you'll be spending a lot of time outside.

"Starting out, you need a passion for the outdoors," said Smith . "Shooting animals is all about having enough time to linger for an extended amount of time waiting for the right shot."

2. Start with a sure thing

For those who aren't used to shooting wildlife, photographer and iReporter Robert Ondrovic recommends visiting your local zoo for some practice.

This lovely lion portrait was captured at the Audubon Zoo in New Orleans, Louisiana.

"The variety of animals on display in a relatively confined area will give the beginner the opportunity to be up close to numerous species in a setting that makes them easy to capture," he said.

Pets and backyard animals can also be good practice subjects. When you're ready to up the ante, head to a nearby state or national park to find and photograph animals in the wild

3. Splurge on your lenses

"Buy the absolute best lens you can -- glass makes all the difference in quality photographs -- and be less focused on the camera body," said Ondrovic. "The 'guts' of most DSLRs in any brand are similar across the various lines" (and prices).

Although it's helpful to have a variety of lenses for capturing animals, if you're only going to buy one for your wildlife shots, make it a telephoto or super telephoto lens.

"It is a basic lens of wildlife [photography]," said nature photographer Takayuki Maekawa , as it allows you to zoom in.

"More often than not, the animals are a distance away from you, and that is probably good idea since it is always preferable not to place yourself in close proximity to certain animals," advised Ondrovic.

Using a telephoto lens allows you to capture close-up images of animals that could be dangerous to approach, like tigers.

Smith recommends going with a 400-millimeter for the strongest close-ups. But if you're not sure, CNN producer Jessica Ellis , who is also a wildlife photographer, advises renting before you buy.

"Start at a local camera rental shop," she said. "Test out a few of their DSLR beginner recommendations" to find out what you like and are most comfortable with.

Even if your budget limits you to a point-and-shoot camera rather than a higher-quality DSLR, make sure you get one with a good optical zoom. Digital zoom, which is achieved electronically rather than by adjustment of the camera's lens, reduces quality and can result in pixelation.

This "may not give you the clarity that makes for a good image," said photographer and iReporter Doug Mackenzie

4. Skip the tripod

You might think a tripod is a good idea for capturing sharp photographs, but when it comes to animals, you'd be wrong, says Ondrovic.

"You may set up a tripod looking forward and an animal may suddenly appear to your left, right, [or] behind and you will miss the opportunity trying to get the angle if mounted on a tripod," he explained.

If you're looking for more stability, "a monopod would be a good thing to buy instead of a tripod," advised Smith. Its single leg will help steady the camera without limiting your range of motion like a tripod can.

5. Be patient

"If you think things happen quickly like the Internet, social media or sports, you will be disappointed," warned Smith.

He spent hours hiking through the "dense jungle" of Rwanda and Uganda over three different trips to capture a stunning close-up of a mountain gorilla.

"If you want to photograph wildlife, you have to be quiet and when you see them, you have to move slowly and try not to scare them," added freelance photographer Billy Ocker . "I always look for their tracks on the ground."

"Animals don't pose and seldom smile on cue," agreed Mackenzie. "You have to learn to be very, very patient. It could take hours, days or even years to get just the right shot."

Maekawa will spend up to 10 hours a day waiting for a photo -- and has been shooting some species for more than 10 years.

6. Change your perspective

As you're clicking away, think about the perspective and goal of your images. For Smith, that means creating "a special relationship between the animal being photographed and the person viewing the picture."

As a result, he likes to shoot from the animal's perspective -- "get on your knees and shoot at their level."

From this angle, this seagull looks like he owns Chicago.

Maekawa tries to capture the human side of the animals he shoots, while Ondrovic focuses on their wildness.

"My goal as a wildlife photographer these days is to photograph animals in their natural settings, unencumbered by artificial environments such as zoo captivity, and show their beauty as they were meant to be," he said.

And Ellis hopes to pass along an environmental message with her pictures.

"I hope to bring people closer to nature ... to pass on a message that we all must strive to minimize our impact on the earth," she said.

7. Capture the eyes

They're the windows to the soul, you know, and Mackenzie says they're also the key to a stunning animal portrait.

Bet you've never seen an eagle this close before!

"They will help you tell the story and give the image that extra spark of life that will touch you and all those who eventually see the image," he said. "Get as close as possible."

8. Know your equipment

Imagine how you'd feel if you dropped a wad of cash on a fancy new camera, went on your fabulous safari vacation, saw a majestic lion posing perfectly -- and couldn't figure out how to turn off your flash or adjust your aperture.

Give yourself plenty of time and opportunities for practice before your holiday of a lifetime.

"There is nothing worse than buying the latest hot camera and leaving the next day, hoping it was be the thing that gets you that award-winning photo," warned Mackenzie.

9. Anticipate

"Animals are unpredictable," said Smith. They're not going to hold their pose for you, so try to anticipate and start snapping before they strike that perfect silhouette or move into just the right spot.

"Look for the anticipative moment," advised Mackenzie. "One of the most common things for us all to do is to be watching the action in front of us and forget to push the little button."

10. Shoot, shoot, shoot

All our experts agree that more is more when it comes to photographing wildlife.

"Shoot and shoot. Experiment!" said Smith.

Take photos at "different exposures, different shutter speeds, different apertures" to see what works best, advises Mackenzie.

Shoot from a variety of angles and times to capture different light levels, said Maekawa, and be sure to capture the animal making a variety of expressions.

Finally, whatever you do, bring lots and lots of digital storage and extra batteries so you can click away without worry.&&&Shoot, shoot, shootAll our experts agree that more is more when it comes to photographing wildlife.
The chief financial officer from Orange County, California, has a second life as a wildlife photographer.
In honor of World Wildlife Day on March 3, CNN.com brings you these stunning photos and tips, which were first published in 2014.
But if you're not sure, CNN producer Jessica Ellis , who is also a wildlife photographer, advises renting before you buy.
Start with a sure thingFor those who aren't used to shooting wildlife, photographer and iReporter Robert Ondrovic recommends visiting your local zoo for some practice.&&&
Joshua Berlinger;&&&Joshua Berlinger&&&Panama Papers: 4 reasons why Panama is used as a tax haven&&&Story highlights History: Panama has been used for tax avoidance for more than 100 years

Laws: Taxes are low, corporate owners can be anonymous and there's relatively little regulation

Economy and geography: The country runs on the dollar and is a hub for global trade

(CNN) Why would people launder money in Panama?

It's a question being asked after the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists reported on the Panama Papers, the name for what may be the largest document leak in history, alleging that a company in Panama may have helped people around the globe set up shell companies and offshore accounts.

Mossack Fonseca is the firm at the heart of the accusations. It said in a statement to CNN that while it "may have been the victim of a data breach, nothing we've seen in this illegally obtained cache of documents suggests we've done anything illegal, and that's very much in keeping with the global reputation we've built over the past 40 years of doing business the right way."

Also, Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela has reportedly said he has zero tolerance for financial crimes.

Read More&&&"Also, Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela has reportedly said he has zero tolerance for financial crimes.
Story highlights History: Panama has been used for tax avoidance for more than 100 yearsLaws: Taxes are low, corporate owners can be anonymous and there's relatively little regulationEconomy and geography: The country runs on the dollar and is a hub for global trade(CNN) Why would people launder money in Panama?
Mossack Fonseca is the firm at the heart of the accusations.
It's a question being asked after the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists reported on the Panama Papers, the name for what may be the largest document leak in history, alleging that a company in Panama may have helped people around the globe set up shell companies and offshore accounts.
It said in a statement to CNN that while it "may have been the victim of a data breach, nothing we've seen in this illegally obtained cache of documents suggests we've done anything illegal, and that's very much in keeping with the global reputation we've built over the past 40 years of doing business the right way.&&&
Todd Leopold;&&&Todd Leopold&&&Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller'&&&10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' When Michael Jackson made the music video for "Thriller" in 1983, he was the biggest star in the world. It only stood to reason that Jackson, whose videos for "Billie Jean" and "Beat It" helped establish MTV, would now want to make one of the biggest videos. In a book published by Glitterati Inc., "Michael Jackson: The Making of 'Thriller' 4 Days/1983," photographer Douglas Kirkland chronicles the making of the groundbreaking film. Hide Caption 1 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' The "Thriller" video, a 14-minute narrative, went well beyond the usual three-minute promotional clip. Jackson worked with A-list Hollywood talent, including director John Landis and makeup artist Rick Baker. Playboy model Ola Ray played his love interest. The video cost $500,000, an enormous sum at the time. Hide Caption 2 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Kirkland -- who had photographed Marilyn Monroe, Elizabeth Taylor and Charlie Chaplin -- remembers being "somewhat intimidated" by Jackson at first. "He already had so much myth surrounding him," Kirkland recalls in the book. But Jackson quickly disarmed him. "Everything about him made me think that he was a gentle person," Kirkland said. Hide Caption 3 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Baker, left, was already famed for his work on Landis' film "An American Werewolf in London." He was initially reluctant to take the "Thriller" job. "It's like being a dentist in a way," he says in the book. "They have to sit still in a chair for hours while you work on them. It's uncomfortable." Hide Caption 4 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' The plot of "Thriller" is two-fold: In part of it, Jackson plays a werewolf-like beast in a 1950s movie. Then the scene switches to the present day, in which Jackson is watching the 1950s movie in a theater with Ray. When they leave the theater, they're attacked by zombies -- and Jackson himself turns out to be one of the undead. Cue the song. Hide Caption 5 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Baker didn't have much time for others on the film. The dancers weren't cast immediately, so Baker kept their zombie makeup fairly simple. "We'd only have three days from meeting the dancers to finishing their faces," he said. But Jackson was well cared-for. In this photo, Jackson holds Muscles, his pet boa constrictor. Hide Caption 6 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Jackson was unfazed by the process. About the only thing he didn't like were the painful yellow contact lenses he had to wear for some scenes. Well, and one other thing, Baker said: the behind-the-scenes footage Landis shot. "Michael was so nervous that, as soon as the cameras came in, he ran off and hid in the bathroom." Hide Caption 7 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Landis directs Jackson during a scene. Jackson was as brilliant a dancer as he was a singer, and cinematographer Robert Paynter was hugely impressed. " 'Thriller' was the only time I worked with someone who made me want to write down my thoughts about him and the effect he had on me," Paynter recalls in the book. The video was choreographed by the Tony Award-winning Michael Peters, who had also done "Beat It." Hide Caption 8 of 10

10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Kirkland took the photographs for Life magazine. He shot most of the pictures with a long lens, keeping his distance from the filming. Jackson was at his best just before a take, Kirkland recalls: "He projected this glorious smile which could warm anybody up," he said. "That was Michael being Michael, and that's when I made my best pictures." Hide Caption 9 of 10&&&10 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' When Michael Jackson made the music video for "Thriller" in 1983, he was the biggest star in the world.
Hide Caption 1 of 1010 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' The "Thriller" video, a 14-minute narrative, went well beyond the usual three-minute promotional clip.
" Hide Caption 8 of 1010 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Kirkland took the photographs for Life magazine.
Hide Caption 6 of 1010 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Jackson was unfazed by the process.
" Hide Caption 7 of 1010 photos: Behind the scenes of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Landis directs Jackson during a scene.&&&
Kathleen Toner;&&&Kathleen Toner&&&Woman challenges tradition in her Kenyan village&&&Kakenya Ntaiya was honored in 2013 as a Top 10 CNN Hero. A year later, her first class of 8th grade graduates entered high school. Ntaiya also launched the Network for Excellence Program, which provides her primary school graduates with mentorship, training and high school scholarships. There are now 95 girls in the program. To date, no girl at Ntaiya's school has undergone female genital mutilation or been forced into early marriage.

Enoosaen, Kenya (CNN) When she was 14 years old, Kakenya Ntaiya entered the cow pen behind her home with an elderly woman carrying a rusty knife.

As a crowd from her Maasai village looked on, Ntaiya sat down, lifted her skirt and opened her legs. The woman grabbed Ntaiya's most intimate body parts and, in just moments, cut them out.

"It (was) really painful. I fainted," recalled Ntaiya, now 34. "You're not supposed to cry."

For generations, this ceremony was a rite of passage for every Maasai girl, some as young as 10; soon afterward, they would marry and drop out of school.

About 140 million girls and women worldwide have been affected by female genital mutilation , also known as female circumcision. The procedure is commonly based on religious and cultural beliefs, including efforts to prevent premarital sex and marital infidelity.

While female circumcision and child marriage are now illegal in Kenya -- new laws banning genital mutilation have contributed to a decline in the practice -- officials acknowledge that they still go on, especially in rural tribal areas. Despite free primary education being mandated 10 years ago by the Kenyan government, educating girls is still not a priority for the Maasai culture. According to the Kenyan government, only 11% of Maasai girls in Kenya finish primary school.

"It means the end of their dreams of whatever they want to become in life," Ntaiya said.

The end of hope

But when Ntaiya endured the painful ritual in 1993, she had a plan. She negotiated a deal with her father, threatening to run away unless he promised she could finish high school after the ceremony.

"I really liked going to school," she said. "I knew that once I went through the cutting, I was going to be married off. And my dream of becoming a teacher was going to end."

Dreams like Ntaiya's weren't the norm in Enoosaen, a small village in western Kenya. Engaged at age 5, Ntaiya spent her childhood learning the skills she would need to be a good Maasai wife. But her mother encouraged her children to strive for a better life, and Ntaiya heeded her advice, postponing the coming-of-age ritual as long as she could. When her father finally insisted, she took her stand.

Ntaiya's bold move paid off. She excelled in high school and earned a college scholarship in the United States. Her community held a fundraiser to raise money for her airfare, and in exchange, she promised to return and help the village.

Over the next decade, Ntaiya would earn her degree, a job at the United Nations and eventually a doctorate in education. But she never forgot the vow she made to village elders.

In 2009, she opened the first primary school for girls in her village, the Kakenya Center for Excellence . Today, Ntaiya is helping more than 150 girls receive the education and opportunities that she had to sacrifice so much to attain.

The Kakenya Center for Excellence started as a traditional day school, but now the students, who range from fourth to eighth grade, live at the school. This spares the girls from having to walk miles back and forth, which puts them at risk of being sexually assaulted, a common problem in rural African communities. It also ensures the girls don't spend all their free time doing household chores.

"Now, they can focus on their studies -- and on being kids," Ntaiya said. "It's the only way you can give a girl child a chance to excel."

Students receive three meals a day as well as uniforms, books and tutoring. There are also extracurricular activities such as student council, debate and soccer. Class sizes are small -- many schools in Kenya are extremely overcrowded -- and the girls have more chances to participate. With these opportunities and the individual attention they receive, the girls are inspired to start dreaming big.

"They want to become doctors, pilots, lawyers," Ntaiya said. "It's exciting to see that."

Just 4 years old, the school already ranks among the top in its district.

"Fathers are now saying, 'My daughter could do better than my son,' " Ntaiya said.

As a public school, the Kakenya Center for Excellence receives some financial support from the Kenyan government. But the majority of the school's expenses are paid for by Ntaiya's U.S.-based nonprofit. While families are asked to contribute to cover the cost of the girls' meals, an expense that can be paid in maize or beans, Ntaiya covers the costs of any students who cannot pay.

Each year, more than 100 girls apply for approximately 30 spots available in each new class. Parents who enroll their daughters must agree that they will not be subjected to genital mutilation or early marriage.

Many families are willing to accept Ntaiya's terms, and that's the kind of change she was hoping to inspire. It took her years to drum up support for the project, but eventually she persuaded the village elders to donate land for the school.

"It's still quite challenging to push for change. Men are in charge of everything," she said. "But nothing good comes on a silver plate. You have to fight hard."

A new fan

Chief John Naleke, a village elder, can testify firsthand to Ntaiya's powers of persuasion. As recently as 2006, he claimed there was no need for girls to be educated. But she managed to win him over; he's now an important partner in her efforts.

Naleke said Ntaiya's accomplishments and spirit have made her a role model, noting that villagers also respect the fact that she didn't forget her promise.

"We have several sons who have gone to the United States for school. Kakenya is the only one that I can think of that has come back to help us," Naleke said. "What she tells us, it touches us. ... She brought a school and a light and is trying to change old customs to help girls get a new, better life."

In 2011, Ntaiya moved to Nairobi, Kenya's capital, with her husband and two young sons. She spends about half her time in Enoosaen, where she loves to visit with the girls and see them evolve.

"When they start, they are so timid," she said. "(Now) the confidence they have, it's just beyond words. It's the most beautiful thing."

Her nonprofit also runs health and leadership camps that are open to all sixth-grade girls in the village and teach them about female circumcision, child marriage, teen pregnancy and HIV/AIDS.

"We tell them about every right that they have, and we teach them how to speak up," Ntaiya said. "It's about empowering the girls."

In the coming years, Ntaiya plans to expand her school to include lower grades. She also wants to provide tutoring for the students from her first class when they head to high school next year, and she wants to eventually open a career center for them. She hopes that one day the school will serve as a model for girls' education throughout Africa.

Ultimately, Ntaiya wants girls to have the opportunity to go as far as their abilities will take them.

"I came back so girls don't have to negotiate like I did to achieve their dreams," she said. "That's why I wake up every morning."&&&As a crowd from her Maasai village looked on, Ntaiya sat down, lifted her skirt and opened her legs.
She negotiated a deal with her father, threatening to run away unless he promised she could finish high school after the ceremony.
According to the Kenyan government, only 11% of Maasai girls in Kenya finish primary school.
Ntaiya also launched the Network for Excellence Program, which provides her primary school graduates with mentorship, training and high school scholarships.
A year later, her first class of 8th grade graduates entered high school.&&&
	&&&Kathleen Toner&&&Dog lost at sea found 5 weeks later&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Stephanie Halasz;&&&Stephanie Halasz&&&German 'queens' promote carp, hops, even sausage&&&Story highlights Many German products and regions are represented by a local "queen"

Anna-Kristina Bauer photographed a dozen of them for her project "Twelve Queens"

(CNN) Anna-Kristina Bauer grew up in Germany's Bavaria region and was aware of the culture around carp. But the photographer never knew there was a "Queen of the Carp."

This local girl represents the fish and the culture of farming them there.

When Bauer took a closer look into the subject, she realized that a lot of traditional German crafts are represented by a local "queen," usually elected for a year to promote everything about their region or their product.

Photographer Anna-Kristina Bauer

There is the Queen of the Blossom, the Queen of the Lakeland, the Queen of the Horseradish, even the Queen of the Bavarian Veal Sausage. "I found it absurd at first," said Bauer, who photographed many of them for her project "Twelve Queens."

Her pictures are stark. The women are usually placed in rural surroundings, surrounded by wheat or cherry trees or a veritable forest of hops. Often they look away from the camera, and they are always alone with their subject, with what they seem to know best and where they seem most comfortable.

Read More&&&"I found it absurd at first," said Bauer, who photographed many of them for her project "Twelve Queens.
The women are usually placed in rural surroundings, surrounded by wheat or cherry trees or a veritable forest of hops.
Photographer Anna-Kristina BauerThere is the Queen of the Blossom, the Queen of the Lakeland, the Queen of the Horseradish, even the Queen of the Bavarian Veal Sausage.
Story highlights Many German products and regions are represented by a local "queen"Anna-Kristina Bauer photographed a dozen of them for her project "Twelve Queens"(CNN) Anna-Kristina Bauer grew up in Germany's Bavaria region and was aware of the culture around carp.
When Bauer took a closer look into the subject, she realized that a lot of traditional German crafts are represented by a local "queen," usually elected for a year to promote everything about their region or their product.&&&
	&&&Stephanie Halasz&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
	&&&Stephanie Halasz&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
	&&&Stephanie Halasz&&&Epsom Derby: A new royal first for Queen Elizabeth II&&&Story highlights Queen Elizabeth II to present Epsom Derby trophy

Monarch has never presented the coveted prize during her 63-year reign

(CNN) Queen Elizabeth II may be approaching her 90th year but it seems there's still time for Britain's longest serving monarch to mark a new first.

It was announced on Tuesday that the head of the UK royal family will present the trophy to the winner of the 2016 Epsom Derby -- Britain's richest horse race -- when the event takes place in early June.

"We are very proud of the royal heritage associated with this fixture," said Simon Durrant, general manager at Epsom Downs Racecourse in a statement to mark the announcement.

"And this year we are honored that Her Majesty The Queen has agreed to present the Derby trophy in the year of her 90th birthday."

Although a horse enthusiast since her youth and a regular spectator at the Epsom event, Queen Elizabeth has never presented the prestigious Derby trophy during her 63-year reign.

Read More&&&Story highlights Queen Elizabeth II to present Epsom Derby trophyMonarch has never presented the coveted prize during her 63-year reign(CNN) Queen Elizabeth II may be approaching her 90th year but it seems there's still time for Britain's longest serving monarch to mark a new first.
"Although a horse enthusiast since her youth and a regular spectator at the Epsom event, Queen Elizabeth has never presented the prestigious Derby trophy during her 63-year reign.
"And this year we are honored that Her Majesty The Queen has agreed to present the Derby trophy in the year of her 90th birthday.
It was announced on Tuesday that the head of the UK royal family will present the trophy to the winner of the 2016 Epsom Derby -- Britain's richest horse race -- when the event takes place in early June.
"We are very proud of the royal heritage associated with this fixture," said Simon Durrant, general manager at Epsom Downs Racecourse in a statement to mark the announcement.&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&Can our minds handle Mars?&&&A group of six volunteers lived inside a small dome, on top of a volcano, for 8 months, pretending to be on Mars. Be there when they emerge on the last day.&&&A group of six volunteers lived inside a small dome, on top of a volcano, for 8 months, pretending to be on Mars.
Be there when they emerge on the last day.&&&
Barbara Starr;Sophie Tatum;&&&Sophie Tatum&&&Russian jet barrel-rolls over U.S. aircraft&&&Story highlights U.S. European Command: A Russian jet flies within 50 feet of U.S. aircraft's wing tip

Russia says its pilot acted "in accordance with the international regulations on the use of airspace"

The Russian aerial maneuvers come amid rising tensions on NATO's eastern flank

Washington (CNN) A U.S. Air Force reconnaissance plane was barrel-rolled by a Russian jet over the Baltic Sea during a routine flight in international airspace, U.S. European Command said Saturday, but Russia disputed that account.

The incident Thursday occurred when a Russian jet "performed erratic and aggressive maneuvers" as it flew within 50 feet of the U.S. aircraft's wing tip, Danny Hernandez, a spokesman for U.S. European Command, said in a response to a question from CNN.

The Russian Su-27 began the barrel roll from the left side of the U.S. RC-135 and went over the top of it to end on the right side of the aircraft, European Command said.

The RC-135 aircraft was "intercepted by a Russian SU-27 in an unsafe and unprofessional manner," Hernandez said, adding that the U.S. plane never entered Russian territory.

"The unsafe and unprofessional actions of a single pilot have the potential to unnecessarily escalate tensions between countries," said Hernandez, who added the United States is protesting with the Russian government.&&&The RC-135 aircraft was "intercepted by a Russian SU-27 in an unsafe and unprofessional manner," Hernandez said, adding that the U.S. plane never entered Russian territory.
The Russian Su-27 began the barrel roll from the left side of the U.S. RC-135 and went over the top of it to end on the right side of the aircraft, European Command said.
The incident Thursday occurred when a Russian jet "performed erratic and aggressive maneuvers" as it flew within 50 feet of the U.S. aircraft's wing tip, Danny Hernandez, a spokesman for U.S. European Command, said in a response to a question from CNN.
Story highlights U.S. European Command: A Russian jet flies within 50 feet of U.S. aircraft's wing tipRussia says its pilot acted "in accordance with the international regulations on the use of airspace"The Russian aerial maneuvers come amid rising tensions on NATO's eastern flankWashington (CNN) A U.S. Air Force reconnaissance plane was barrel-rolled by a Russian jet over the Baltic Sea during a routine flight in international airspace, U.S. European Command said Saturday, but Russia disputed that account.
"The unsafe and unprofessional actions of a single pilot have the potential to unnecessarily escalate tensions between countries," said Hernandez, who added the United States is protesting with the Russian government.&&&
Drew Kann;&&&Drew Kann&&&Rwanda's mountain gorillas: A conservation success&&&Story highlights Mountain gorillas are a critically endangered species

In the early 1970s, there were only 240 gorillas left in Rwanda

A 2010 census showed the number of gorillas had doubled

(CNN) In 1967, American primatologist Dian Fossey arrived by herself at Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.

She set up camp between two of the park's volcanoes, planning to study the area's critically endangered mountain gorillas. But what she found was a species on the brink. A census conducted shortly after found that just 240 gorillas were left.

In the nearly 50 years since, what was a dire situation has become a rare conservation success story. Today, despite years of regional instability and daily threats, the population of gorillas in the park has doubled.

Fossey was killed in Rwanda nearly 30 years ago, but the work she started continues through the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International , and the nonprofit owes much of its success to its namesake.

"At that time, the image of them was 'King Kong' -- ferocious, strong, scary beast," said Tara Stoinski, the Fossey Fund's president and CEO. "She really pioneered the study of gorillas and habituating them, getting them used to human presence, so you and I can sit as far away as that next office and observe the details of their life."

Read More&&&She set up camp between two of the park's volcanoes, planning to study the area's critically endangered mountain gorillas.
Story highlights Mountain gorillas are a critically endangered speciesIn the early 1970s, there were only 240 gorillas left in RwandaA 2010 census showed the number of gorillas had doubled(CNN) In 1967, American primatologist Dian Fossey arrived by herself at Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
In the nearly 50 years since, what was a dire situation has become a rare conservation success story.
Today, despite years of regional instability and daily threats, the population of gorillas in the park has doubled.
Fossey was killed in Rwanda nearly 30 years ago, but the work she started continues through the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International , and the nonprofit owes much of its success to its namesake.&&&
	&&&Drew Kann&&&Rare dolphin birth caught on camera&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Allie Malloy;&&&Allie Malloy&&&Biden: 'Overwhelming frustration' with Netanyahu&&&Story highlights The Obama administration has long had a rancorous relationship with the Israeli Prime Minister

Biden also criticized the Palestinians for trying to force a solution to the conflict

Washington (CNN) Vice President Joe Biden criticized Israel's government and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday, warning that the current direction Israel is headed in leaves little room for Middle East peace efforts and is causing "overwhelming frustration."

"We have an overwhelming obligation -- not withstanding our sometimes overwhelming frustration with the Israeli government -- we have an obligation to push them as hard as we can toward what they know in their gut is the only solution -- a two-state solution," Biden said in remarks Monday night to J Street, a liberal pro-Israel lobby.

Biden's comments on Netanyahu were particularly harsh. The Obama administration has long had a rancorous relationship with the Israeli Prime Minister.

"The present course Israel's on is not one that's likely to secure its existence as a Jewish, democratic state, and we have to make sure that happens," Biden added.

Read More&&&The Obama administration has long had a rancorous relationship with the Israeli Prime Minister.
""We have an overwhelming obligation -- not withstanding our sometimes overwhelming frustration with the Israeli government -- we have an obligation to push them as hard as we can toward what they know in their gut is the only solution -- a two-state solution," Biden said in remarks Monday night to J Street, a liberal pro-Israel lobby.
"The present course Israel's on is not one that's likely to secure its existence as a Jewish, democratic state, and we have to make sure that happens," Biden added.
Biden's comments on Netanyahu were particularly harsh.
Story highlights The Obama administration has long had a rancorous relationship with the Israeli Prime MinisterBiden also criticized the Palestinians for trying to force a solution to the conflictWashington (CNN) Vice President Joe Biden criticized Israel's government and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday, warning that the current direction Israel is headed in leaves little room for Middle East peace efforts and is causing "overwhelming frustration.&&&
	&&&Allie Malloy&&&Mom-to-be was shocked to see THIS ...&&&An Indiana woman says she sees the image of Jesus on the cross on an ultrasound photo of her unborn child. CNN affiliate WFIE reports.&&&CNN affiliate WFIE reports.
An Indiana woman says she sees the image of Jesus on the cross on an ultrasound photo of her unborn child.&&&
	&&&Matias Grez Cnn&&&Child falls from moving car&&&Another disturbing video of a child falling out of a moving car in China has emerged. A 2014 study in China found that only 22 out of 3,333 (.6%) observed children were secured in child safety seats.&&&Another disturbing video of a child falling out of a moving car in China has emerged.
A 2014 study in China found that only 22 out of 3,333 (.6%) observed children were secured in child safety seats.&&&
	&&&Ed Payne&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
Thomas Page;Rosie Tomkins;For Cnn;&&&For Cnn&&&Five reasons to visit Namibia's Skeleton Coast&&&(CNN) The coast surrounding the Namib Desert is so inhospitable that Portuguese sailors once referred to it as "The Gates of Hell."

A brutal, inhospitable environment, the Skeleton Coast has claimed many ships and many lives over the years. However, this once dreaded land has now become an unlikely tourist destination.

Here's five reasons why you should make the place your travel destination for 2016:

Superhero animals

One of the oldest and driest deserts in the world

One of the oldest and driest deserts in the world 09:24

One of the oldest and driest deserts in the world

The harsh desert stretches out more than 30,000 square miles and receives less than .4 inches of rain per year. It's a tough place to be a tourist -- and that's with a 4x4 and supplies on hand. Now imagine being an animal and calling the place home.

And yet many do. From lions to elephants, the extreme climate has not deterred some of nature's finest beasts, though many have had to adapt to survive.

Dr. Philip Stander, a zoologist living and specializing in the Namib Desert, says "in time, a lot of animals have an adaptation," and their desert habitat results in "better kidney function."

He argues that all of the desert's mammals are "strategic" when it comes to dealing with the lack of water. "It's the super athletes that live here. Because certainly the weak will not survive."

The "red women"

JUST WATCHED How humans and animals adapt to life in a desert Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How humans and animals adapt to life in a desert 05:39

The Himba have called the Namib Desert their home for countless generations, living in the Kunene region close to Angola. Known for their distinctive skin and hair, colored red with ochre, the semi-nomadic people traditionally relied on livestock, but today they're finding new ways of living.

Some are now working in the tourism sector in luxury camps such as Serra Cafema , where they are able to educate international tourists about Himba life.

"It makes [it] easier for the other people to understand the culture," argues Kaimbi, a Himba housekeeper.

Camp guide Dawid explains that most Himba "prefer to work and go back to their settlements (after a few months), because they want to be and stay in their traditional way. But if you get an opportunity to come work for the camp, to support your family, why not?"

Unusual history tours

JUST WATCHED An inside look at Namibia's 'Skeleton Coast' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH An inside look at Namibia's 'Skeleton Coast' 07:34

A visit to the Hoanib Skeleton Coast Camp requires a lot of effort, but the rewards are manifold. Only accessible by light aircraft, the location is so remote that food has to be shipped in from 500 miles away.

"They say you can scream as loud as you want and no one will hear you," says the camp's general manager, Clement Lawrence.

"It is a scary thought."

But there's more to the area than simple isolation. A short drive reveals an unusual history tour. The coast is a living museum of the victims of the Benguela Current, which has downed numerous ships. Visitors can see their wrecks dotted along the shore.

Among the wreckage is a British liner called the Dunedin Star, which was beached in the 1940s by her master after hitting a reef (although some say it was the victim of a German U-Boat). Up the coast, an arch of whale bones marks the graves of two crewmen from tugboat The Sir Charles Elliott, which made a failed attempt at rescue.

For those less inclined to the macabre, two desert oases, the Klein Oase and Auses Spring, can be visited a short distance away.

Some of the clearest skies in the world

Namibia offers stunning views of the Milky Way.

Light pollution is almost non-existent on the Skeleton Coast -- not surprising considering it's in one of the quietest corners of one of the world's least populated countries. The area is a stargazer's paradise.

The Milky Way is able to put on a majestic display against the black backdrop, and the galaxy bursts bright and brilliant in the night sky. If you've got a telescope, pack it -- you might even be able to see the Tarantula Nebula, a spidery cloud of dust and gas, and one of the Milky Way's biggest star factories. Read more: Where to stargaze in Namibia

Dune trekking

Visitors to Serra Cafema can venture out on quadbike tours and explore the desert's imperious dunes.

There's a lot of sand in the Namib Desert, and its few inhabitants have found some pretty fun ways to explore it.

Sandboarding is popular, and visitors can create their own "roaring dune" if they travel fast enough. Lawrence explains the physics:

"By moving air down fast enough, you cause vibrations. And the air particles start escaping the sand dune. And those vibrations make a sound."

Or, you can indulge your inner-Mad Max and go quadbike trekking. The latest movie in the post-apocalyptic series was filmed in Namibia.&&&"Unusual history toursJUST WATCHED An inside look at Namibia's 'Skeleton Coast' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH An inside look at Namibia's 'Skeleton Coast' 07:34A visit to the Hoanib Skeleton Coast Camp requires a lot of effort, but the rewards are manifold.
"A brutal, inhospitable environment, the Skeleton Coast has claimed many ships and many lives over the years.
Light pollution is almost non-existent on the Skeleton Coast -- not surprising considering it's in one of the quietest corners of one of the world's least populated countries.
(CNN) The coast surrounding the Namib Desert is so inhospitable that Portuguese sailors once referred to it as "The Gates of Hell.
There's a lot of sand in the Namib Desert, and its few inhabitants have found some pretty fun ways to explore it.&&&
Jose Pagliery;&&&Jose Pagliery&&&Feds demand Apple's help in unlocking Brooklyn drug dealer's iPhone&&&The FBI was able to access the iPhone used by the San Bernardino terrorist -- but the law enforcement still needs help cracking other iPhones in its possession.

On Friday, the Department of Justice said it will keep demanding Apple's help in unlocking a Brooklyn drug dealer's iPhone -- a continuation in an epic legal battle.

The current fight is being waged in a New York City case involving the iPhone 5C of a methamphetamine dealer, Jun Feng. He got arrested and cut a deal with prosecutors, and the Drug Enforcement Administration got a search warrant to look through Feng's phone for clues about fellow drug dealers and customers.

The DEA wants Apple's help. Apple has pushed back. A federal magistrate judge sided with Apple in a lengthy decision that questioned the government's authority to force Apple to help. The case has jumped up a level and is now with U.S. District Judge Margo K. Brodie.

In a legal filing Friday, federal prosecutor Robert Capers said the DEA can't unlock a drug dealer's iPhone using the same method the FBI did to hack into the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone.

If that hacking method worked on all iPhones, federal law enforcement wouldn't need Apple's help. But the DOJ made clear that's not the case.

The drug dealer had an iPhone 5C running iOS 7 software, while the San Bernardino shooter was using an iPhone 5C running iOS 9, a later version of Apple's operating system.

"The government continues to require Apple's assistance in accessing the data that it is authorized to search by warrant," wrote Capers.

In court documents so far, Apple has indicated it intends to fight law enforcement's attempts to force the company to act.

Apple (AAPL, Tech30) did not immediately return calls for comment.&&&On Friday, the Department of Justice said it will keep demanding Apple's help in unlocking a Brooklyn drug dealer's iPhone -- a continuation in an epic legal battle.
He got arrested and cut a deal with prosecutors, and the Drug Enforcement Administration got a search warrant to look through Feng's phone for clues about fellow drug dealers and customers.
If that hacking method worked on all iPhones, federal law enforcement wouldn't need Apple's help.
The DEA wants Apple's help.
In a legal filing Friday, federal prosecutor Robert Capers said the DEA can't unlock a drug dealer's iPhone using the same method the FBI did to hack into the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone.&&&
Susie East;For Cnn;&&&For Cnn&&&The software that can predict your lifespan&&&Story highlights Researchers from the University of East Anglia aim to calculate how long you'll live for

Predicting life expectancy could help plan healthcare and pensions more accurately

The project will use data from 3.4 million people and cost $1.1 million

Vital Signs is a monthly program bringing viewers health stories from around the world.

(CNN) Imagine if a computer could tell you how many days you had left.

You might decide to live your life differently -- perhaps spending your money in other ways, or making your health a bigger priority.

Whether you're ready to find out or not, researchers from the University of East Anglia have started a project creating a software that -- among other things -- will be able to predict a person's lifespan.

JUST WATCHED The secrets of centenarians Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The secrets of centenarians 07:12

The researchers argue that knowing when our time is up could be helpful for planning retirement funds, getting better advice from physicians and understanding how drugs treating chronic illness could affect one's lifespan.

They won't be able to provide an exact figure, but they plan to match people by age, sex, health and lifestyle to come up with an educated guess of how many years you have left to live.

Read More&&&Whether you're ready to find out or not, researchers from the University of East Anglia have started a project creating a software that -- among other things -- will be able to predict a person's lifespan.
You might decide to live your life differently -- perhaps spending your money in other ways, or making your health a bigger priority.
(CNN) Imagine if a computer could tell you how many days you had left.
JUST WATCHED The secrets of centenarians Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The secrets of centenarians 07:12The researchers argue that knowing when our time is up could be helpful for planning retirement funds, getting better advice from physicians and understanding how drugs treating chronic illness could affect one's lifespan.
They won't be able to provide an exact figure, but they plan to match people by age, sex, health and lifestyle to come up with an educated guess of how many years you have left to live.&&&
	&&&For Cnn&&&What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos&&&35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Saint Joseph's players celebrate after beating VCU in the championship NCAA basketball game of the Atlantic 10 men's tournament on Sunday, March 13, in New York.

Hide Caption 1 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge in action with Manchester United's Chris Smalling on Thursday, March 10, in Liverpool, England. Hide Caption 2 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Players take part in an exhibition match during the annual charity King's Cup Elephant Polo Tournament at a riverside resort in Bangkok, Thailand, on Thursday, March 10. Hide Caption 3 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Thousands of men and women are on their way from Maloja to S-Chand in Switzerland as they participate in the annual Engadin Ski Marathon on Sunday, March 13. Hide Caption 4 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Nicolas Chilard, on top, of France fights with Igor Pereira of Brazil during the International Judo Tournament at the Olympic Park on Wednesday, March 9, in Rio de Janeiro. Hide Caption 5 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Brittany Reese lands in the pit on her way to winning the women's long jump at the USA Indoor Track & Field championships in Portland, Oregon, on Saturday, March 12. Hide Caption 6 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Real Madrid's Brazilian defender Danilo heads the ball during the UEFA Champions League round of 16 against A.S. Roma in Madrid on Tuesday, March 8. Hide Caption 7 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins in action against the New York Islanders during their game on Tuesday, March 8, in New York City.

Hide Caption 8 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Central Arkansas' Maggie Proffitt plays in confetti on the floor with teammates while celebrating a win over Sam Houston State in an NCAA college basketball game in the championship of the Southland Conference Tournament, on Sunday, March 13, in Katy, Texas. Hide Caption 9 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Nikita Shleikher and Yulia Timoshinina of Russia compete during day three of the Diving World Series 2016 on Sunday, March 13, in Beijing. Hide Caption 10 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Kyle Busch, driver of No. 18, celebrates with a burnout after winning the NASCAR Xfinity Series at Phoenix International Raceway on Saturday, March 12, in Avondale, Arizona. Hide Caption 11 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Max Whitlock of Great Britain competes on the high bar during the 2016 FIG Artistic World Cup at The Emirates Arena on Satruday, March 12, in Glasgow, Scotland. Hide Caption 12 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Marat Grigorian, left, punches Sitsongpeenong during the Kickboxing World Championship on Saturday, March 12, in Paris. Hide Caption 13 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Upperman's Akira Levy, left, and Ashlyn Medley, right, cry after their loss against East Nashville in the Tennessee high school basketball championship game Saturday, March 12, in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Hide Caption 14 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos The Borussia fans on the southern tribune sing "you will never walk alone" after a supporter died of a heart attack during the German Bundesliga soccer match between Borussia Dortmund and FSV Mainz 05 in Dortmund, Germany, on Sunday, March 13. Hide Caption 15 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Tarjei Boe of Norway wins the gold medal during the IBU Biathlon World Championships Men's Relay on Saturday, March 12, in Oslo, Norway. Hide Caption 16 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos La Salle guard Rohan Brown, left, and other La Salle players get tangled up with Davidson forward Andrew McAuliffe, right, who gets choked after stripping the ball from Brown during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game on Thursday, March 10, in New York. Hide Caption 17 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos A happy 10-month old Kansas City Royals fan, Sydney Barth, from South Carolina, poses for a photograph on top of the dugout before a spring training game against the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday, March 8, in Surprise, Arizona. Hide Caption 18 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Elisabeth Goergl of Austria competes during the Alpine Ski World Cup on Saturday, March 12, in Lenzerheide, Switzerland. Hide Caption 19 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Devin Williams of the West Virginia Mountaineers hangs on the rim after dunking against the Kansas Jayhawks in the first half during the championship game of the Big 12 Basketball Tournament on Saturday, March 12, in Kansas City, Missouri. Hide Caption 20 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos England's Billy Vunipola, center, in action during a rugby match between England and Wales on Saturday, March 12 in London. Hide Caption 21 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos The peloton passes a wind farm on stage four of the 2016 Paris-Nice on Thursday, March 10, in Romans-sur-Isere, France. Hide Caption 22 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Riders test the ice ahead of the Ice Speedway World Championships on Friday, March 11, in Assen, Netherlands. Hide Caption 23 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos A competitor speeds down during a fun "Naked Slalom Ski Race" in a western Austrian ski resort on Saturday, March 12. Hide Caption 24 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Jamie Moore is unseated from Le Boizelo at the last in The Team Army Handicap Hurdle Race at Sandown racecourse on Friday, March 11, in Esher, England.

Hide Caption 25 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Cao Yuan of China compete during day two of the Diving World Series 2016 Beijing Station on Sunday, March 12. Hide Caption 26 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos A snowboarder wearing a horse head mask rides a lift uphill at the Bobrovy Log ski resort in the suburbs of Krasnoyarsk in Russia's Siberia on Sunday, March 13. Hide Caption 27 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Elgin Cook, no. 23, of the Oregon Ducks goes up for a rebound against Ryan Anderson, no. 12, of the Arizona Wildcats during a semifinal game of the Pac-12 Basketball Tournament on Friday, March 11, in Las Vegas.

Hide Caption 28 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race mushers make their way Thursday, March 10, toward the Cripple checkpoint and Yukon River in Alaska. Hide Caption 29 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Maurice Manificat celebrates with the France team after Cross Country Men 15.0 km Pursuit Classic on Saturday, March 12, in Canmore, Alberta, Canada. Hide Caption 30 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Eric Campbell of the New York Mets breaks his bat on a hit during the second inning of a spring training game against the St. Louis Cardinals on Saturday, March 12, in Port St. Lucie, Florida.

Hide Caption 31 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Mathieu Castagnet of France plays a forehand during his quarter-final match against James Willstrop of Great Britain during day three of the Canary Wharf Squash Classic 2016 on Wednesday, March 9, in London. Hide Caption 32 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Kevin Harvick, driver of car No. 4, beats Carl Edwards, driver of No. 19, to the checkered flag to win the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Good Sam 500 at Phoenix International Raceway in Avondale, Arizona, on Sunday, March 13.

Hide Caption 33 of 35

35 photos: What a shot! 35 amazing sports photos Charl Schwartzel of South Africa reacts after a putt on the 18th green during the final round of the Valspar Championship at Innisbrook Resort Copperhead Course on Sunday, March 13 in Palm Harbor, Florida. Hide Caption 34 of 35&&&35 amazing sports photos Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge in action with Manchester United's Chris Smalling on Thursday, March 10, in Liverpool, England.
35 amazing sports photos Riders test the ice ahead of the Ice Speedway World Championships on Friday, March 11, in Assen, Netherlands.
35 amazing sports photos Marat Grigorian, left, punches Sitsongpeenong during the Kickboxing World Championship on Saturday, March 12, in Paris.
35 photos: What a shot!
35 amazing sports photos The peloton passes a wind farm on stage four of the 2016 Paris-Nice on Thursday, March 10, in Romans-sur-Isere, France.&&&
Will Ripley;&&&Will Ripley&&&Tearful North Korean waitresses: 'Defectors' tricked&&&Pyongyang (CNN) The door opens and seven women walk quietly into the ornate lobby of the Koryo Hotel in Pyongyang. Their faces are expressionless. Most wear little or no makeup, black jackets, and patriotic red lapel pins.

The women, all in their 20s, represent some of the most trusted citizens in the North Korean capital. They come from good families and were chosen for the coveted assignment of working abroad to earn money for their government.

Until earlier this month, they were waitresses at a state-owned and operated restaurant in Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, in southern China. Now, that restaurant is closed. And these women's lives have become extraordinarily complicated.

"We would never leave our parents, country, and leader Kim Jong Un. None of us would ever do that," said waitress Han Yun Hui, sobbing alongside her colleagues.

Defection or abduction?

Last week, South Korea announced 12 North Korean women and one man defected after "feeling pressure from North Korean authorities" to send foreign currency back to their homeland, according to a South Korean government spokesman.

JUST WATCHED Senior North Korean officer defects to South Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Senior North Korean officer defects to South 01:49

"The workers said that they learned about the reality in South Korea through South Korean TV, soap operas, movies and (the) internet," said South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee at the time.

A spokesman for the North Korean Red Cross quickly denounced the apparent defections as a "group abduction" of North Korean employees "in broad daylight," according to KCNA -- the official mouthpiece of Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un's government.

Waitresses: Restaurant manager lied

The seven waitresses, presented exclusively to a CNN team in Pyongyang on Monday, are workers from the same Ningbo restaurant, who have since returned to North Korea. This is the first time they have spoken publicly. They claim the restaurant manager tricked the other 12 waitresses into leaving, by lying about their final destination.

"In mid-March our restaurant manager gathered us together and told us that our restaurant would be moved to somewhere in Southeast Asia," said head waitress Choe Hye Yong.

JUST WATCHED See North Korea's floating restaurant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH See North Korea's floating restaurant 02:27

Choe says by the time the manager revealed, only to her, that they would actually be defecting to South Korea, she only had time to "warn" a handful of the waitresses.

"The car was already waiting for us at that time," Choe said as she broke down in tears.

The waitresses in Pyongyang claim their manager, and a South Korean businessman, coordinated the trip under the direction of government authorities in Seoul.

"I think about our colleagues being deceived and dragged to South Korea and facing extreme hardship there," said a sobbing Han Yun Hui. "It tears our hearts."

In response, the South Korean Unification Ministry issued a statement to CNN: "13 defectors voluntarily decided to leave and pushed ahead with the escape without any help from the outside. Following their voluntary request to defect, our government accepted them from a humanitarian point of view."

China: North Koreans left legally

If true, a mass defection would be a humiliating blow to the Pyongyang leadership. Especially because it was apparently allowed by China, North Korea's most powerful ally and trading partner. In the past, China has sent defectors back to North Korea. But last week, Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lu Kang made the unusual move of commenting publicly about the case.

"After an investigation, 13 [North Korean] citizens were found exiting the Chinese border with valid passports on the early morning of April 6. It is worth noting that these people all had valid identity documents with them and exited the Chinese border in accordance with law," he said in an April 11 press conference

Many analysts believe China's actions could be a sign of increased tension between Pyongyang and Beijing. Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un's government faces growing isolation and heightened sanctions over its nuclear and missile programs. Ongoing allegations of widespread human rights abuse made by the United Nations Commission on Human Rights continue to infuriate North Korean leadership.

Pyongyang has responded to mounting global pressure with a series of provocative shows of force. In January, Kim ordered an H-bomb test just days before his birthday. One month later, he ordered a satellite launch using a long-range rocket . And last week, an apparent attempted mid-range missile launch on the nation's most important holiday failed.

Observers believe Kim is trying to project strength, both domestically and internationally, ahead of the crucial Worker's Party Congress next month, when the young leader is expected to consolidate his power. South Korean government intelligence indicates a fifth North Korean nuclear test could be in the works ahead of that major political gathering.

Source of foreign income

JUST WATCHED North Korea threatens war with U.S. in propaganda film Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korea threatens war with U.S. in propaganda film 01:28

The North Korean government is believed to subsidize its military and scientific activities by sending tens of thousands of citizens to work abroad, bringing in an estimated $1.2 billion to $2.3 billion annually, according to a U.N. report last fall.

State-owned restaurants are one way the cash-strapped regime brings in much-needed foreign currency. But the restaurants, along with other North Korean enterprises, are believed to be struggling under the heightened sanctions

When asked if she had a message for her friends and colleagues who are now in South Korea, head waitress Choe Hye Yong made an emotional plea.

"Comrade Kim Jong Un is yearning for all of you to return. We are awaiting your return, unable to sleep or eat. Please hold on a bit longer, gain victory, and come back to our country," she said.

Still wiping away tears, the waitresses walk back through the hotel lobby to the door they came from. Their lives are forever changed. They now face the heavy burden of explaining why their friends left home and didn't come back.&&&Last week, South Korea announced 12 North Korean women and one man defected after "feeling pressure from North Korean authorities" to send foreign currency back to their homeland, according to a South Korean government spokesman.
JUST WATCHED Senior North Korean officer defects to South Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Senior North Korean officer defects to South 01:49"The workers said that they learned about the reality in South Korea through South Korean TV, soap operas, movies and (the) internet," said South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee at the time.
South Korean government intelligence indicates a fifth North Korean nuclear test could be in the works ahead of that major political gathering.
The women, all in their 20s, represent some of the most trusted citizens in the North Korean capital.
A spokesman for the North Korean Red Cross quickly denounced the apparent defections as a "group abduction" of North Korean employees "in broad daylight," according to KCNA -- the official mouthpiece of Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un's government.&&&
	&&&Ashley Sears&&&Skiing + man's best friend = skijoring&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Eoghan Macguire;Aleks Klosok Cnn;Alex Thomas;&&&Alex Thomas&&&Sepp Blatter: 'My phone is still ringing'&&&(CNN) He may be exiled from football but former FIFA president Sepp Blatter says his phone hasn't stopped ringing since he was deposed as the leader of the game's global governing body.

"When I look at which (political) leaders are directly in contact (with me) ... people like China, like Russia, like South Africa, like Japan ... also European leaders," Blatter told CNN's Alex Thomas.

"I also have contact with presidents of associations in Africa," added Blatter, who is currently serving a six-year ban from football.

"They still ask me now, they say 'president, now you have to speak. We are all waiting. We are all waiting for your messages. Bring us messages now, president.'"

"I say: 'Just a little while. I will come back.'"

Blatter was removed from his position at FIFA late last year with the organization engulfed in accusations of bribery and corruption but has stated previously he will challenge that decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport.

Coup d'etat

A criminal investigation by the U.S. Justice Department remains ongoing amidst charges that include money laundering, wire fraud and racketeering over many years by senior figures at FIFA.

The Swiss attorney general's office also continues to probe the process that saw Russia and Qatar awarded host nation status for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups respectively.

Speaking to CNN, however, the 80-year-old Blatter cut a relaxed figure and a man at ease with life despite the tumult of the past year.

As Blatter sat down for the interview, his daughter Corinne walked over and whispered a few words in his ear in German. Blatter laughed heartily, before playfully slapping her on the backside. "She's my daughter," he quickly explained in English.

Former FIFA president, Sepp Blatter, speaks to CNN's Alex Thomas.

This bullish demeanor is perhaps surprising given the nature of his exit from FIFA, whom he first joined as a technical director in 1975 before serving as president between 1998 and 2015.

He describes the raids that saw several senior FIFA figures arrested at the Hotel Baur au Lac last May and set in motion the events that would see him forced out of the organization in ignominy as a "coup d'etat" led by the U.S. and assisted by the Swiss.

"I can understand that the Americans are not always happy with what's happened somewhere in the world because they try to be the police of the world everywhere," Blatter says.

"But I couldn't understand that the Swiss authorities had agreed."

FIFA's ex-president Sepp Blatter poses with a copy of his biography.

Blatter also firmly refutes bribery allegations made against him, adding that his major regret is investing trust in the wrong people.

"Absolutely. I never took bribes," he says. "Never. This is the principle I have in my life from my father -- never take money you have not earned.

"My approach to people is by saying 'I trust you. I trust you. I trust you.' This is one of the things you can say: 'Why do you trust all these people?'

"This hurts because now I see that I trusted the wrong people," he adds.

Cold organization

Blatter, who says he has now moved back to his hometown of Visp deep within the Swiss Alps, was often fond of speaking about the "FIFA family" in his time as president.

He laments that it has become a "cold" organization in his absence, although adds that this is not a fault of Gianni Infantino who has only recently been elected.

Blatter maintains he still has friends within FIFA but at the same time hints he feels some former colleagues have failed to stick by him.

"When you are at the top of such an organization like FIFA, you have not many friends. You have a lot of, let's say, companions even accomplices," Blatter says.

"They want to be with you because it's good to be with the number one. It's good to be there. But when it comes to real friendship, then there are very, very few."

Sepp Blatter attends a press conference at the Extraordinary FIFA Executive Committee Meeting at the FIFA headquarters on July 20, 2015 in Zurich, Switzerland.

Blatter was speaking as he promoted his new book, "Sepp Blatter: Mission & Passion Football," an account of 18-years as football's most senior administrator.

He says that he has "enough connections around the world that they will look after me," should he require money to support his appeal.

"I have not spent the money, all the money I earned at FIFA. I have no boat. I have no private plane or something like that," he adds.

11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures Sepp Blatter was president of FIFA, football's world governing body, between 1998 and 2015.

Hide Caption 1 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures The 79-year-old Swiss dominated the world's most popular sport over this 17-year period. But his reign was not without controversy. Hide Caption 2 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures Blatter faced a criminal investigation after winning the 2002 FIFA presidential election, being accused of financial mismanagement by 11 former members of the ruling body's executive committee, including his 1998 election rival Lennart Johansson. However, prosecutors dropped the case due to a lack of evidence. Hide Caption 3 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures In 2004, Blatter angered female footballers with his suggestion for how the women's game could be made more appealing. "They could, for example, have tighter shorts," said the Swiss. "Let the women play in more feminine clothes like they do in volleyball." Hide Caption 4 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures Blatter performed a U-turn on the use of goal-line technology and apologized to the English Football Association after an incorrect decision during the 2010 World Cup. Despite replays showing a shot from England's Frank Lampard had clearly crossed the line in the last-16 clash with Germany, the goal was not awarded. Hide Caption 5 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures In 2010, when England captain John Terry, who is married, was reported to have been involved with the partner of his former Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge, Blatter responded: "If this had happened in, let's say, Latin countries then I think he would have been applauded." Hide Caption 6 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures In December 2010, Blatter was heavily criticized for suggesting gay football fans should "refrain from sexual activity" if they wished to attend the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, where homosexuality is illegal. Blatter later apologized and said it had not been his intention to offend or discriminate. Hide Caption 7 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures In December 2010 Blatter insisted that FIFA was "not corrupt ... there are no rotten eggs" despite two of his executive committee members -- Amos Adamu, pictured, and Reynald Temarii -- being suspended for accepting bribes in the lead-up to the vote for awarding hosting rights for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups. He called England "bad losers" after losing out to Russia. Hide Caption 8 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures A Manchester City fan displays a banner with a message for FIFA President Sepp Blatter regarding his handling of allegations of racism in football in 2011. Blatter had earlier suggested that incidents of racism on the pitch could be sorted out with a handshake when a game finished. Hide Caption 9 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures While Blatter oversaw the first World Cups in Africa and Asia -- South Africa in 2010 and Japan and South Korea in 2002 -- he also presided over a decline in the public's perception of FIFA. Corruption allegations surrounded the bidding process relating to the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, awarded to Russia and Qatar respectively. Hide Caption 10 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures Blatter sought another term at the head of FIFA in 2015 and although he initially achieved that feat, he stepped down shortly after. Hide Caption 11 of 11

And despite the lengthy ban handed down by FIFA's Ethics Committee late last year, Blatter is comfortable in his own mind that those who know him best are on his side.

"What I have witnessed now since I have been suspended, is that ... the majority of the FIFA team they are with me," he says.

"They regret what has happened and they are with me."&&&11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures Sepp Blatter was president of FIFA, football's world governing body, between 1998 and 2015.
Blatter was speaking as he promoted his new book, "Sepp Blatter: Mission & Passion Football," an account of 18-years as football's most senior administrator.
(CNN) He may be exiled from football but former FIFA president Sepp Blatter says his phone hasn't stopped ringing since he was deposed as the leader of the game's global governing body.
Hide Caption 3 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures In 2004, Blatter angered female footballers with his suggestion for how the women's game could be made more appealing.
Hide Caption 8 of 11 11 photos: Sepp Blatter - key moments in pictures A Manchester City fan displays a banner with a message for FIFA President Sepp Blatter regarding his handling of allegations of racism in football in 2011.&&&
	&&&Alex Thomas&&&What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos&&&29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Peyton Manning is handed the Vince Lombardi Trophy after the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50 on Sunday, February 7. Manning is the first starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two different teams. He also won with the Indianapolis Colts in 2007. Hide Caption 1 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Italian skier Verena Gasslitter crashes during a World Cup race in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, on Sunday, February 7. Hide Caption 2 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Kyle Turner, a rugby player with the South Sydney Rabbitohs, is tackled by two Sydney Roosters during an Auckland Nines match in Auckland, New Zealand, on Saturday, February 6. Hide Caption 3 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Notre Dame students storm their home court after the men's basketball team defeated No. 2 North Carolina on Saturday, February 6. Hide Caption 4 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Daphne Wils competes in the 1-meter springboard final at the Senet Diving Cup, an event in Eindhoven, Netherlands, on Thursday, February 4. Hide Caption 5 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Duke's "Cameron Crazies" taunt North Carolina State's Cody Martin during an ACC basketball game in Durham, North Carolina, on Saturday, February 6. Hide Caption 6 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Beyonce, Chris Martin and Bruno Mars perform during the Super Bowl 50 halftime show on Sunday, February 7. Hide Caption 7 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Emily Seebohm swims the 100-meter backstroke during the Aquatic Super Series in Perth, Australia, on Saturday, February 6. Seebohm, Australia's record holder in the event, won with a time of 59.03 seconds. Hide Caption 8 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos A member of the Nitro Circus rehearses in Glasgow, Scotland, on Thursday, February 4. Hide Caption 9 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Biathletes leave the start area of a World Cup race in Canmore, Alberta, on Sunday, February 7. Hide Caption 10 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Carolina quarterback Cam Newton closes his eyes while taking questions from reporters after Super Bowl 50. Newton was sacked six times by a dominant Denver defense led by Von Miller, who was named the game's Most Valuable Player. Hide Caption 11 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Butler's Roosevelt Jones, left, competes for a loose ball with Georgetown's D'Vauntes Smith-Rivera during a Big East basketball game in Indianapolis on Tuesday, February 2. Hide Caption 12 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos American Thomas Rowley skis off course, failing to finish his moguls run at a World Cup event in Park City, Utah, on Thursday, February 4. Hide Caption 13 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Colorado goalie Semyon Varlamov is hit in the mask with a puck as he tries to make a save during an NHL game in Denver on Saturday, February 6. Hide Caption 14 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Russian skier Liubov Nikitina makes a practice run before a World Cup aerials event in Park City, Utah, on Wednesday, February 3. Hide Caption 15 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Kansas State guard Barry Brown (No. 5) celebrates with his teammates after they knocked off No. 1 Oklahoma on Saturday, February 6. The Wildcats won 80-69 in Manhattan, Kansas. Hide Caption 16 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos UFC fighter Stephen Thompson flips in celebration after he knocked out Johny Hendricks in Las Vegas on Saturday, February 6. Hide Caption 17 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Carolina running back Jonathan Stewart dives into the end zone for the Panthers' only touchdown in Super Bowl 50. Hide Caption 18 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos The Boston Celtics celebrate after Avery Bradley (No. 0) hit a buzzer-beating 3-pointer to win in Cleveland on Friday, February 5. Hide Caption 19 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos A Maasai warrior from Kenya plays a shot during a cricket match in Sydney on Thursday, February 4. A team of Maasai warriors is touring the world to play cricket and raise awareness of issues such as HIV/AIDS and female genital mutilation. Hide Caption 20 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos The peloton passes by a camel Friday, February 5, during the third stage of the Tour of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Hide Caption 21 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Japan's Hiroyuki Akimoto, right, competes against Georgia's Nugzari Tatalashvili at the Grand Slam judo tournament in Paris on Saturday, February 6. Akimoto won to take home the bronze medal in their weight class. Hide Caption 22 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Arizona State's Elisha Davis, left, battles UCLA's Jordin Canada for a loose ball during a Pac-12 basketball game in Tempe, Arizona, on Friday, February 5. Hide Caption 23 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos During a Serie A soccer match on Sunday, February 7, fans of the Italian club Napoli hold up photos of Kalidou Koulibaly, a Napoli player who had been the subject of racist chants the previous week at Lazio. Hide Caption 24 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Sean Spencer, left, and Mike Pyle compete at the UFC Fight Night event in Las Vegas on Saturday, February 6. Pyle won by third-round TKO. Hide Caption 25 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Welsh rugby player Sam Cross is tackled by Russia's German Davydov during the Sydney Sevens tournament on Sunday, February 7. Hide Caption 26 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Boston's Dennis Seidenberg falls on Buffalo's Daniel Catenacci during an NHL game in Boston on Saturday, February 6. Hide Caption 27 of 29

29 photos: What a shot! 29 amazing sports photos Memphis' Shaq Goodwin is surrounded by Cincinnati defenders as he shoots the ball Saturday, February 6, in Memphis, Tennessee. Hide Caption 28 of 29&&&29 amazing sports photos Notre Dame students storm their home court after the men's basketball team defeated No.
29 amazing sports photos A Maasai warrior from Kenya plays a shot during a cricket match in Sydney on Thursday, February 4.
29 amazing sports photos Boston's Dennis Seidenberg falls on Buffalo's Daniel Catenacci during an NHL game in Boston on Saturday, February 6.
29 amazing sports photos A member of the Nitro Circus rehearses in Glasgow, Scotland, on Thursday, February 4.
29 amazing sports photos Memphis' Shaq Goodwin is surrounded by Cincinnati defenders as he shoots the ball Saturday, February 6, in Memphis, Tennessee.&&&
	&&&Alex Thomas&&&The week in 30 photos&&&30 photos: The week in 30 photos A rainbow appears over Paisley Park Studios near a memorial for Prince in Chanhassen, Minnesota, on Thursday, April 21. The legendary musician died at his home in Minnesota. He was 57. Hide Caption 1 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Pope Francis hugs a child at the Moria detention center in Mytilene on Saturday, April 16. Pope Francis received an emotional welcome on the Greek island of Lesbos during a visit showing solidarity with migrants fleeing war and poverty. Hide Caption 2 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos A photo shows Self-Defense Forces personnel and other rescue workers searching for missing people in a residential area of Kumamoto, Japan, on Sunday, April 17. The magnitude-7.0 earthquake that pounded Kumamoto Prefecture early Saturday was more powerful than a foreshock that struck two days earlier. Hide Caption 3 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Prince Harry, left, and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, try out lightsabers during a tour of the "Star Wars" sets at Pinewood Studios on Tuesday, April 19, in Iver Heath, England. Prince William and Prince Harry are touring Pinewood Studios to visit the production workshops and meet the creative teams working behind the scenes on the "Star Wars" films. Hide Caption 4 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos A seagull lands as it looks for some food in St. Stephen's Green in Dublin's city center on Monday, April 18. Hide Caption 5 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos On Sunday, April 17, migrants ask for help from a dinghy boat off the coast of the Italian island of Lampedusa. Hide Caption 6 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos A firefighter responds to a fire at an auto wrecking yard in the Sun Valley section of Los Angeles in the San Fernando Valley as a huge plume of thick, black smoke rises over them on Sunday, April 17. Hide Caption 7 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Sia performs onstage during Day 3 of the 2016 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival on Sunday, April 17, in Indio, California. Hide Caption 8 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos People walk on the ash-covered streets of San Andres Cholula, Mexico, on Monday, April 18, after the Popocatepetl volcano erupted overnight, spewing ash on nearby towns. Officials there are urging to people to wear masks to avoid inhaling the fine grit that has covered houses and cars. Hide Caption 9 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump works a rope line after speaking during a campaign stop at the First Niagara Center in Buffalo, New York, on Monday, April 18. Hide Caption 10 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Pro-government demonstrators raise their hands under a giant flag near congress as lawmakers vote on whether or not to impeach President Dilma Rousseff in Brasilia, Brazil, on Sunday, April 17. The vote will determine whether the impeachment proceeds to the Senate. Rousseff is accused of violating Brazil's fiscal laws to shore up public support amid a flagging economy. Hide Caption 11 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Fidel Castro is applauded by his brother, Cuba's President Raul Castro, right, during the closing ceremonies for the Seventh Congress of the Cuban Communist Party in Havana, Cuba, on Tuesday, April 19. Fidel Castro formally stepped down in 2008 after suffering illness and ailments. Hide Caption 12 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Residents look at a rift in the highway created by a 7.8-magnitude earthquake , in Chacras, Ecuador, on Tuesday, April 19. The strongest earthquake to hit Ecuador in decades flattened buildings and buckled highways along its Pacific coast, sending the nation into a state of emergency. Hide Caption 13 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos A Serbian riot police officer gestures toward an injured soccer fan during a Serbian National soccer league derby match between Red Star and Partizan, in Belgrade, Serbia, on Saturday, April 16. The game ended in a 1-1 draw. Hide Caption 14 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Jack McCullough, left, smiles from the back seat of his stepdaughter Janey O'Connor's rental car after he was released from the DeKalb County Jail in Sycamore, Illinois, on Friday, April 15. An Illinois judge vacated the conviction of the 76-year-old man in a 1957 killing and ordered his immediate release from prison Friday, meaning that one of the oldest cold cases to be tried in U.S. history has officially gone cold again. Hide Caption 15 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos On Tuesday, April 19, Loyola University students Kate Spence, left, 21, and Kassina Dwyer, 18, work to clear and landscape the garden in front of a large memorial mural of Freddie Gray one year after he died in Baltimore, Maryland. Freddie Gray died in the hospital one year ago after suffering a severed spinal cord while in the custody of Baltimore Police, setting off weeks of demonstrations that boiled over into rioting, looting, arson and violence on April 27, 2015.

Hide Caption 16 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders leaves after an interview with the Associated Press at the Vatican on Saturday, April 16. Sanders met with Pope Francis. Sanders says he was honored by the meeting. Hide Caption 17 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Spanish soldiers fire a howitzer during maneuvers ' in preparation to NATO's Very High Readiness Joint Task Force in Zargoza, Spain, on Tuesday, April 19. Hide Caption 18 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson and his wife, Gayle Benson, view the casket of former Saints defensive end Will Smith during a public viewing inside the Saints training facility in Metairie, Louisiana, on Friday, April 15. Smith was shot to death this past Saturday, and his wife wounded by gunfire, after an altercation following a traffic accident. Hide Caption 19 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Justin Nelzen, in red vest, joins others as they work to rescue up to 70 horses along Cypress Creek in Houston on Monday, April 18. More than a foot of rain fell Monday in parts of Houston, submerging subdivisions and several major interstate highways, forcing the closure of schools and knocking out power to thousands of residents. Hide Caption 20 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos On New York state primary day , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, along with her husband former President Bill Clinton, votes at her polling place in Chappaqua, New York, on Tuesday April 19. Clinton went on to win the New York primary. Hide Caption 21 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Cutout figures of ostriches are displayed during a protest by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals in front of a Prada store in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on Tuesday, April 19. Hide Caption 22 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Workmen on Tuesday, April 19, install a newly commissioned portrait by muralist Frederick Wimsett of Queen Elizabeth II at St. Christopher's Place in London, offering shoppers an opportunity for a "selfie" with the Queen to celebrate her 90th birthday. Hide Caption 23 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos A picture made available on Tuesday, April 19, shows a city view at dawn of Pyongyang, North Korea. The Democratic People's Republic of Korea is to hold the party congress of its ruling Korean Workers Party for the first time in 36 years on May 2016. Hide Caption 24 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Students from the Lewisburg Elementary School in Olive Branch, Mississippi, observe the House in session at the Capitol in Jackson on Wednesday, April 20. Hide Caption 25 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos A supporter of Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz stands behind a curtain as he waits to meet Cruz before a rally in Towson, Maryland, on Monday, April 18. Hide Caption 26 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Lemi Berhanu Hayle of Ethiopia celebrates after winning the 120th Boston Marathon on Monday, April 18. Hide Caption 27 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos Republican presidential candidate John Kasich puts on a pair of boxing gloves given to him by a supporter during a campaign town hall meeting in the ballroom at a Crowne Plaza hotel on Tuesday, April 19, in Annapolis, Maryland. Hide Caption 28 of 30

30 photos: The week in 30 photos In this undated image provided by the U.S. Department of Justice, an elevator inside a tunnel stretching from Mexico to San Diego is seen. Officials announced the recent discovery of the nearly half-mile long tunnel on Wednesday, April 20, along with the seizure of more than a ton of cocaine and seven tons of marijuana. Six people were also arrested. Hide Caption 29 of 30&&&30 photos: The week in 30 photos A rainbow appears over Paisley Park Studios near a memorial for Prince in Chanhassen, Minnesota, on Thursday, April 21.
Hide Caption 1 of 3030 photos: The week in 30 photos Pope Francis hugs a child at the Moria detention center in Mytilene on Saturday, April 16.
Hide Caption 26 of 3030 photos: The week in 30 photos Lemi Berhanu Hayle of Ethiopia celebrates after winning the 120th Boston Marathon on Monday, April 18.
Hide Caption 5 of 3030 photos: The week in 30 photos On Sunday, April 17, migrants ask for help from a dinghy boat off the coast of the Italian island of Lampedusa.
Hide Caption 4 of 3030 photos: The week in 30 photos A seagull lands as it looks for some food in St. Stephen's Green in Dublin's city center on Monday, April 18.&&&
For Cnn;Angelica Pursley;&&&Angelica Pursley&&&Prince: the reign of a fashion icon&&&Story highlights The musician Prince has died at the age of 57

He had a successful career spanning four decades

His image was a crucial facet of his creative output, with many of his outfits becoming iconic

(CNN) His Royal Badness, the Purple One, "the artist formerly known as Prince" and of course, simply Prince, has died at the age of 57.

With a career spanning four decades, and many monikers, the legendary musician will not be soon forgotten.

Nor will he be remembered solely for his music. Ever the showman, his image was a crucial facet of his creative output. From-head-to-toe sequins to ruffled collars, nudity and a well-publicized penchant for purple, Prince's outfits became as legendary as his music.

13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Loose hair and bare chested -- the cover of Prince's 1979 self-titled sophomore album.

Hide Caption 1 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks "Purple rain, purple rain" -- The color which he became known for was best represented in the 1984 film "Purple Rain". Hide Caption 2 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Rockstar dandy -- From the Purple Rain 1984 tour. Hide Caption 3 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Naughty and nude -- The cover of Lovesexy, his tenth album was released in 1988.

Hide Caption 4 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Showing some skin -- Prince and The New Power Generation perform "Gett Off" at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards in Los Angeles. This revealing yellow jumpsuit was arguably one of his more outrageous outfits.

Hide Caption 5 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks True blue -- Coordinating an outfit around one color was a Prince signature. Here he is in electric blue at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards.

Hide Caption 6 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Is that you Prince? -- He reportedly wore this wig, sunglasses, and false goatee as a disguise when he played with the opening act of The 10th Anniversary Essence Music Festival on July 2, 2004 in New Orleans.

Hide Caption 7 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks White hot -- Wearing white hood and heels at the People's Choice Awards, 2005.

Hide Caption 8 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks It's all about color -- A memorable performance at the Pepsi Halftime Show at Super Bowl XLI, February 4, 2007. Hide Caption 9 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Power suiting -- Presenting the Best Female R&B Performance award during the 50th annual Grammy awards, February 10, 2008.

Hide Caption 10 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Never afraid to shine -- Wearing a head-to-toe sequined ensemble when he performed at Madison Square Garden in 2011.

Hide Caption 11 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Tangerine dreams - Prince in another monochrome outfit, speaking onstage during The 57th Annual Grammys, February 8, 2015.

Hide Caption 12 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Solid gold -- Prince speaking onstage during the 2015 American Music Awards.

Hide Caption 13 of 13

Rising to prominence in the 1970s, he pioneered "the Minneapolis sound", a mixture of funk, rock, pop, synthpop and new wave.

Over the course of his career he won seven Grammy Awards, and earned 30 nominations. Five of his singles have topped the charts and 14 other songs hit the Top 10. He won an Oscar for the original song score to the classic film "Purple Rain."

Read More&&&13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Loose hair and bare chested -- the cover of Prince's 1979 self-titled sophomore album.
Hide Caption 6 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Is that you Prince?
Hide Caption 5 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks True blue -- Coordinating an outfit around one color was a Prince signature.
Hide Caption 12 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Solid gold -- Prince speaking onstage during the 2015 American Music Awards.
Hide Caption 2 of 13 13 photos: Prince's most iconic looks Rockstar dandy -- From the Purple Rain 1984 tour.&&&
Michael Pearson;Oren Liebermann;&&&Oren Liebermann&&&Jerusalem bus bombing work of Hamas operative, police say&&&Story highlights Hamas operative responsible for bus explosion, police say

Hamas group issues statement calling suspected bomber "our son"

Jerusalem (CNN) A Hamas operative was responsible for Monday's terror bombing of a bus in Jerusalem that wounded nearly two dozen people, Israeli police said Thursday.

The suspect, Abdel Hamid Abu Srour, 19, died of his injuries Wednesday evening after he was critically wounded in the attack.

"Israel police and the IDF, 24 hours after the attack, arrested a number of suspects who are Hamas operatives in the Bethlehem area who helped plan the operation and execute it," said a statement from police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld.

Hamas said Wednesday in a statement on Hamas-run al-Aqsa TV and on the Hamas Twitter account that the bombing was conducted by a member of its military wing, Izzedine al Qassam. But the organization stopped short of a full claim of responsibility.

The Hamas statement referred to Abu Srour, a resident of the Aida refugee camp near Bethlehem, as "our son."

Read More&&&Story highlights Hamas operative responsible for bus explosion, police sayHamas group issues statement calling suspected bomber "our son"Jerusalem (CNN) A Hamas operative was responsible for Monday's terror bombing of a bus in Jerusalem that wounded nearly two dozen people, Israeli police said Thursday.
The Hamas statement referred to Abu Srour, a resident of the Aida refugee camp near Bethlehem, as "our son.
The suspect, Abdel Hamid Abu Srour, 19, died of his injuries Wednesday evening after he was critically wounded in the attack.
Hamas said Wednesday in a statement on Hamas-run al-Aqsa TV and on the Hamas Twitter account that the bombing was conducted by a member of its military wing, Izzedine al Qassam.
But the organization stopped short of a full claim of responsibility.&&&
	&&&Oren Liebermann&&&What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos&&&28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Malachi Richardson celebrates a 3-pointer during Syracuse's 68-62 victory over Virginia on Sunday, March 27. Richardson, a freshman, scored 21 second-half points as the Orange came back from 16 down to clinch a spot in the Final Four. Hide Caption 1 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Philadelphia's Ryan Jackson hits the dirt near home plate during a spring-training game in Clearwater, Florida, on Saturday, March 26. He was tagged out on the play. Hide Caption 2 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Paraguay goalkeeper Justo Villar punches the ball near Ecuador's Enner Valencia during a World Cup qualifying match on Thursday, March 24. The teams tied 2-2 in Quito, Ecuador. Hide Caption 3 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Goeido, above, throws Harumafuji to win a match Wednesday, March 23, at the Grand Sumo Spring Tournament in Osaka, Japan. Hide Caption 4 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Daniel Ochefu, right, embraces Villanova teammate Ryan Arcidiacono as Arcidiacono hugs head coach Jay Wright on Saturday, March 26. The Wildcats had just defeated Kansas 64-59 in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament. Hide Caption 5 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Jordan Spieth drops his club after hitting a shot at the WGC Match Play on Saturday, March 26. Spieth lost to Louis Oosthuizen in the fourth round. Hide Caption 6 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Canada's Amy Nixon wears a pair of bunny ears on Easter Sunday, March 27, before playing a game at the World Curling Championship in Swift Current, Saskatchewan. Hide Caption 7 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Miami's Hassan Whiteside has his shot blocked during an NBA game in San Antonio on Wednesday, March 23. Hide Caption 8 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Karson Kuhlman, center, celebrates Friday, March 25, after his goal in double overtime lifted Minnesota-Duluth to the quarterfinals of the NCAA Tournament. The Bulldogs defeated Providence, the defending national champions, by a 2-1 score. Hide Caption 9 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Andre Ward punches Sullivan Barrera during their light-heavyweight bout in Oakland, California, on Saturday, March 26. Ward won by unanimous decision to improve his record to 29-0. Hide Caption 10 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Uruguay's Luis Suarez, right, fends off Brazil's David Luiz during a World Cup qualifier in Recife, Brazil, on Friday, March 25. It was Suarez's first international match since he bit Italy's Georgio Chiellini at the 2014 World Cup. He scored the last goal in a 2-2 draw. Hide Caption 11 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Connecticut basketball players -- from left, Briana Pulido, Breanna Stewart, Moriah Jefferson and Katie Lou Samuelson -- celebrate after thrashing Mississippi State in the NCAA Tournament on Saturday, March 26. The undefeated Huskies won 98-38, a record margin of victory for the Sweet 16. UConn has won the last three NCAA titles. Hide Caption 12 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Heather Watson shouts during a third-round match at the Miami Open on Saturday, March 26. Watson defeated Yanina Wickmayer in three sets. Hide Caption 13 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos A snowboarder performs during the Red Bull Jump and Freeze competition near Almaty, Kazakhstan, on Tuesday, March 22. Hide Caption 14 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Scott Van Slyke, an outfielder with the Los Angeles Dodgers, misses a catch during a spring-training game in Phoenix on Sunday, March 27. Hide Caption 15 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Duke's Grayson Allen goes up for a shot against Oregon's Casey Benson during an NCAA Tournament game on Thursday, March 24. Oregon won 82-68 to advance to the Elite Eight. Hide Caption 16 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Surrey's Gareth Batty, right, clears two pigeons off the wicket during a preseason cricket match in London against Nick Compton and Middlesex on Wednesday, March 23. Hide Caption 17 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Ian Middleton, the cox of the victorious Cambridge crew, is thrown into the River Thames after beating Oxford in London's historic Boat Race on Sunday, March 27. Hide Caption 18 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop stretches before the third period of an NHL game on Tuesday, March 22. Hide Caption 19 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Gonzaga's Eric McClellan, left, and Josh Perkins embrace in the locker room after losing to Syracuse in the NCAA Tournament's Sweet 16 on Friday, March 25. Hide Caption 20 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Victor Espinoza rides California Chrome to victory in the Dubai World Cup, the world's richest horse race, on Saturday, March 26. Hide Caption 21 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Tennessee forward Bashaara Graves is fouled by Syracuse's Briana Day during an NCAA Tournament game on Sunday, March 27. Syracuse won 89-67 to advance to the Final Four. Hide Caption 22 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Jason Day, right, celebrates after sinking a putt to beat Rory McIlroy, left, in the semifinals of the WGC Match Play on Sunday, March 27. Day went on to beat Louis Oosthuizen in the final and move to No. 1 in the world rankings. Hide Caption 23 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos England defender Gary Cahill celebrates after his team defeated Germany 3-2 in a friendly match in Berlin on Saturday, March 26. Hide Caption 24 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Notre Dame's Rex Pflueger, center, is tied up by North Carolina's Brice Johnson, left, and Isaiah Hicks during their Elite Eight game on Sunday, March 27. North Carolina advanced to the Final Four with an 88-74 victory. Hide Caption 25 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos RG Snyman, a rugby player with the Bulls, is lifted by his teammates Saturday, March 26, during a Super Rugby match against the Sunwolves in Singapore. The Bulls are based in Pretoria, South Africa. The Sunwolves hail from Tokyo. Hide Caption 26 of 28

28 photos: What a shot! 28 amazing sports photos Maryland center Diamond Stone covers his head with his jersey after the Terrapins were knocked out of the NCAA Tournament by Kansas on Thursday, March 24. Hide Caption 27 of 28&&&28 amazing sports photos Miami's Hassan Whiteside has his shot blocked during an NBA game in San Antonio on Wednesday, March 23.
28 amazing sports photos Malachi Richardson celebrates a 3-pointer during Syracuse's 68-62 victory over Virginia on Sunday, March 27.
28 amazing sports photos Jordan Spieth drops his club after hitting a shot at the WGC Match Play on Saturday, March 26.
28 amazing sports photos Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop stretches before the third period of an NHL game on Tuesday, March 22.
28 amazing sports photos A snowboarder performs during the Red Bull Jump and Freeze competition near Almaty, Kazakhstan, on Tuesday, March 22.&&&
Ashley Fantz;Richard Ross;&&&Richard Ross&&&Girls behind bars tell their stories&&&(CNN) When photographer Richard Ross wants to talk to a child at a juvenile detention center, he knocks on their cell door. He asks them if he can come inside.

The 67-year-old Californian is used to taking off his shoes when he enters homes, so he does the same in a cell.

"Most of the kids, they've never had that kind of respect," he said. "But I give it to them, I give them the power. I sit on the floor so they're looking down on me."

Ross doesn't begin by hammering them with questions. He wants to have a conversation.

"I say, 'What's gone on in your life?' "

The result of that tenderness and patience is Ross' latest collection of photos, "Girls in Justice."

The images are unflinching. They convey the ugliness of a young person's life behind bars. The pictures are replete with the unique loneliness, anger and boredom of a juvenile detention center. But the girls also tell their stories alongside the images.

Photographer Richard Ross

One photo shows a girl in a tan jumpsuit, hand on her head, sitting alone in a drab, cavernous room.

"I've been here 17 times," one girl says.

Many of the stories are bleak, reflecting adults who endangered the girls or, at the very least, failed repeatedly to protect them.

"Mom's a stripper. Dad was an alcoholic, drug addict, murdered last year," said one girl explaining her past. "They took my brother and I away because my dad chained us in the house and tried to burn it down. I lived with my grandma and uncle. The people who are supposed to love you never do."

The photos show girls wasting the day in their bunks, staring at the wall. Some struggle with mental illness. The girls obscure their faces or are turned away from the camera. That works to protect their identities, but it also evokes shame. Ross seems to be saying the shame isn't the girls' -- it's ours as a society for jailing children.

His images aren't always literal. A photo shot toward an azure sky is framed by concertina wire. A straight-forward photo, of a utility wall holding dozens of scissors, turns the stomach after reading the caption -- the guards need the scissors to cut away any cloth a teenager might use to trying to hang herself.

Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.

Ross recalled one particularly agonizing interview with a girl who kept telling him, "I can't wait to get out of here so I can kill myself."

"She was just a kid, but she was at that place where you have no hope," he said. "I feel all these stories, but that one just hit me hard. I was sobbing. You want to say, 'It will get better,' but you also know the system and you know that you can't say that."

Ross, the son of a New York City police officer, had a happy upbringing in a home of modest means. He got into a decent amount of trouble growing up, and he said he could have easily wound up in the justice system.

But times were different then, he said, and there's been a cultural turn in America toward criminalizing a child's bad behavior.

He recalls a detention-center director in Reno, Nevada, who asked him to visit and take photos. At intake, he photographed a fifth-grader who had been taken to jail because he had acted up in class.

You want to say, 'It will get better,' but you also know the system and you know that you can't say that. Richard Ross

"This fifth-grader came up to my belt buckle," Ross recalled. "He was drinking warm milk, like someone gave him a cardboard thing of milk. I can still smell that milk. That intake area smelled like elementary school."

The child's single mother couldn't pick him up for hours. She was holding down a job that wouldn't allow her to leave until after 6 p.m.

The detention-center director sent Ross' photo to every principal in the area to make a point: Children do not belong in lockup, so find another solution.

Ross is adamant that he's making photographs to bring about "immediate change."

He speaks across the country to law schools and works closely with child welfare advocates. His work has been shown during legislative sessions to illustrate how sorely the juvenile justice system needs fixing.

"I'm trying to wake people up, make them realize there are lives at stake," he said. "At the same time, I don't, I can't, position myself as the great hope. I might not be able to do much but listen. But I think I'm a good listener, and I think these kids deserve to tell their stories."&&&' "The result of that tenderness and patience is Ross' latest collection of photos, "Girls in Justice.
(CNN) When photographer Richard Ross wants to talk to a child at a juvenile detention center, he knocks on their cell door.
But the girls also tell their stories alongside the images.
You want to say, 'It will get better,' but you also know the system and you know that you can't say that.
"The photos show girls wasting the day in their bunks, staring at the wall.&&&
Aaron Smith;&&&Aaron Smith&&&Toshiba recalls 100,000 batteries that can melt your laptop&&&Toshiba is recalling faulty laptop batteries that are too hot to handle.

The lithium-ion battery packs, which are made by Panasonic, can overheat, posing burn and fire hazards to consumers, according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission on Thursday.

Toshiba received four reports of the battery packs overheating and melting, though the CPSC said no injuries have been reported.

Toshiba, which first announced the recall in January, said it was recalling the batteries in certain Toshiba Notebook computers sold since June 2011. The Japanese manufacturer said it would replace them for free.

The CPSC said the recall involves 91,000 laptops sold in the United States and 10,000 sold in Canada. The recall involves 39 models of Portege, Satellite and Tecra laptops

Burning batteries are not unusual. In 2006, Dell and Apple (AAPL, Tech30) recalled nearly 10 million lithium-ion notebook batteries made by Sony because of concerns they could overheat and explode. A few days ago, an Apple iPhone reportedly exploded on a flight to Hawaii.

This is the latest bit of bad news for Toshiba, which reported a $6 billion loss for last year. The company blamed the loss on the increased cost of energy and infrastructure projects.&&&Toshiba, which first announced the recall in January, said it was recalling the batteries in certain Toshiba Notebook computers sold since June 2011.
Toshiba is recalling faulty laptop batteries that are too hot to handle.
In 2006, Dell and Apple (AAPL, Tech30) recalled nearly 10 million lithium-ion notebook batteries made by Sony because of concerns they could overheat and explode.
Toshiba received four reports of the battery packs overheating and melting, though the CPSC said no injuries have been reported.
This is the latest bit of bad news for Toshiba, which reported a $6 billion loss for last year.&&&
Maggie Hiufu Wong Cnn;&&&Maggie Hiufu Wong Cnn&&&11 things that make Wakayama Japan's best-kept secret&&&Overshadowed by the neighboring city of Osaka , this humble Japanese prefecture is home to arguably Japan's most delicious ramen, a 1,700-year-old fire festival and a giant open-air bath fed by a hot spring.

You'll find much of what you need for the complete Japanese experience on this little crescent of land on the southern coast of the country's largest island, Honshu.

Here are 11 ways to begin to get to know this little Japanese secret.

1. Eat Japan's "most delicious" ramen

Ever since Ide Shoten's Wakayama ramen was voted "Japan's most delicious" by a Japanese food show, this humble noodle shop has become sacred ground for ramen lovers.

Wakayama ramen has a unique soup base, made with an extremely savory pork bone and soy sauce broth.

But it's generally known to locals as chuka soba -- not ramen -- which means "Chinese noodles" in Japanese. These steaming bowls of soup with their satisfying pork and lard flavor can fast become an addiction.

Cooked eggs and mackerel sushi on tables are the traditional appetizers. Diners just have to report how many they have eaten when it's time to get the bill.

How to get there: Exit from Wakayama JR station, walk straight ahead then turn left at Kokutai Road. Walk straight until you reach Sannen-zaka Dori. Ide Shoten is on the left.

Ide Shoten , 4-84 Tanaka Town, Wakayama City; 11:30 a.m.-11:30 p.m., closed on Thursdays.

2. Learn how to cut fresh tuna

Tuna sashimi never tastes the same after trying the super-fresh version in Wakayama.

Wakayama's fish markets may not share the fame of their Tokyo counterpart, Tsukiji fish market , but they're just as noteworthy.

Kuroshio-Ichiba Market hosts three entertaining tuna-cutting shows daily. Porto Europa, a Europe-themed amusement park, is another attraction right next door.

The Katsuura Port fish market in the southeast corner of the prefecture is also worth a visit, if only because it's famous for hauling in the biggest tuna in Japan.

After viewing the daily tuna auction from the observation area, visitors can sample the goods -- seared tataki, sushi or sashimi -- in Katsuura town.

How to get there: A shuttle bus transports visitors from JR Kainan station (one stop from Wakayama station) to Kuroshio-Ichiba Market. Or take a taxi to Kuroshio-Ichiba Market, which will cost JPY1,300 (US$13). To get to Katsuura, take the JR line to Kii-Katsuura station. The fish market is five minutes away on foot.

Kuroshio-Ichiba Market , Marina City, 1527, Kemi, Wakayama-shi, Wakayama-ken, Japan; open daily, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.; tuna-cutting show at 11 a.m., 12:30 p.m. and 3 p.m.

Katsuura tuna auction, 7-8-2 Oaza Tsuikiji, Nachi-Katsuura Town, Higashimuro District; opens at 7 a.m., closed on Saturday and the day before holidays.

3. Walk Kumano Kodo

Japan's best unknown hike, Kumano Kodo is the perfect Kii Mountain getaway.

Made up of seven routes of various difficulties through the south of Wakayama prefecture, the hike was originally an ancient pilgrimage leading to three major Japanese shrines: Hongu Taisha, Nachi Taisha and Hayatama Taisha.

Our recommended route starts from Tanabe City (Kii-Tanabe JR station) to Nachi Fall (Nachi JR station).

The easily navigable routes are dotted with numerous onsen (hot spring) towns, scenic valleys and restaurants serving rustic Japanese cuisine.

4. Cook 'hot spring egg' in a real onsen

There's no better way to whip up a batch of onsen tamago -- or hot spring egg -- than actually boiling it in an onsen.

Visitors to Wakayama can do so at the public cooking basin in the Yunomine onsen area, the only UNESCO World Heritage hot spring in the world.

All you need to do is buy eggs and other vegetables from the local store near the hot spring basin -- they come pre-prepared for cooking in a net -- and boil them in the basin.

Local residents often buy onsen water ($1 for 10 liters) to bring home for cooking.

How to get there: Take a bus from Take a bus from Tanabe (Kii-Tanabe JR station) or Shingu (Shingu JR station).

5. Check out the Nachi Fire Festival

Wakayama's Nachi Fire Festival , held every July, celebrates the homecoming of the Nachi Waterfall's god.

The 1,700-year-old event is considered one of the most sacred festivals in Japan.

Tucked away on Nachi mountain, home to the Nachi Taisha shrine and 133-meter-high falls, the festival involves dozens of young Japanese men carrying 12 gigantic torches up and down the stone staircase that leads to the falls, shouting enthusiastically all the way.

It's quite a sight (and sound). Each torch weighs about 50 kilograms and youngsters have to take a turn carrying one.

Locals sit near the stairs on the mountain to cheer on teams. Be there early to secure a good view.

6. Live like a monk

Living (temporarily) in a temple has become the latest trend for travelers to Wakayama.

The holy Buddhist grounds in Koyasan have 52 temple lodgings for visitors seeking a tranquil stay that includes meditation, temple services, Buddhist gardens and vegetarian cuisine.

7. Enjoy hot springs in the wild

Wakayama has plenty of ancient onsen spots. Saki-no-yu in Shirahama, south of Wakayama, is a public bath right on the shore of the Pacific.

Sennin-buro in Kawayu, southeast of Wakayama city, is a giant 73 C pool right in the river. It's also Japan's biggest open-air bath.

The city of Katsuura has a few onsens with amazing views -- Hotel Nakanoshima , on a small island off the port, has onsens looking over the ocean and Hotel Urashima has an ancient bathing site in a cave.

For a less exposed onsen experience, you can soak your feet in hot spring water while you dine at Ashiyu-Yokocho , a Japanese restaurant/feet onsen in Shirahama.

8. Visit Nitama, the new cat in charge of Kishi station

Tama was a cat that saved Wakayama's little-visited Kishi Train Station from financial ruin when she was, improbably, appointed its stationmaster -- instantly making it a tourist attraction.

Since the feline stationmaster passed away in 2015 , her apprentice Nitama has succeeded to the position, beating several other cat candidates to run Kishi train station in the rural Kinokawa neighborhood.

Learn more about the curious story of Tama and Nitama here: The cat that saved a Japanese train station

How to get there: Kishi station is a 30-minute ride from Wakayama City's main train station.

9. Get a castle-view hotel room in Wakayama City

You'll find the best view of Wakayama Castle from the hotels across the road.

Explore the peaceful castle gardens and the panoramic views from the top once you've checked in.

The castle also hosts exhibitions about the history of the city. There's a small entrance fee (JPY150, or $1.5) but the rest of the park is free to the public.

10. Feast on fruit

Whether you want to try hardcore fruit-picking or just eat a few from the supermarket, an orange-related experience in Wakayama is definitely recommended.

The prefecture is a self-proclaimed kingdom of fruit and produces one of the best varieties of Mandarin oranges in the world.

Named after their growing area, Arida are thin-rind mandarins said to have the perfect balance of sweet and sour. The fruit are so delicious and juicy they qualify as a dessert in Japan.

The prefecture also has no shortage of strawberries, grapes and persimmons. And at Minabe , the largest ume (Japanese apricot) producer in Japan, you can get tipsy on lovely ume wine.

Wakayama City, the capital city of Wakayama Prefecture, is about 35 minutes by train from the regional Kansai Airport and 550 kilometers from Tokyo.

11. Go white-water rafting -- while standing up

Think sitting in an inflated raft while rushing down white-water rapids is hardcore?

You haven't tried Japan's wildest rafting experience.

Kitayama village offers tourists a chance to sail down the swift currents of Kitayama River on traditional logging rafts.

Here's the kicker -- you're not even seated.

Riders stand in a line on the sturdy, long wooden rafts, clutching only the metal/wooden handles that rise from the base of the rafts.

The adventure sport was inspired by Japan's traditional lumber industry, in which felled wood was assembled into rafts then sent down the river -- a transport method used for more than 600 years.

Game? The rafting season lasts from May to September, with reservations accepted from April 1. Days and times vary depending on month.&&&How to get there: Take a bus from Take a bus from Tanabe (Kii-Tanabe JR station) or Shingu (Shingu JR station).
Wakayama City, the capital city of Wakayama Prefecture, is about 35 minutes by train from the regional Kansai Airport and 550 kilometers from Tokyo.
Our recommended route starts from Tanabe City (Kii-Tanabe JR station) to Nachi Fall (Nachi JR station).
How to get there: Exit from Wakayama JR station, walk straight ahead then turn left at Kokutai Road.
Ide Shoten , 4-84 Tanaka Town, Wakayama City; 11:30 a.m.-11:30 p.m., closed on Thursdays.&&&
Barry Neild;&&&Barry Neild&&&Why your next hotel will be staffed by robots&&&(CNN) In a science fiction future, we'll arrive at the hotel in our driverless taxi, check in at the reception desk staffed by androids then follow the robot porter as it carries our bags to our room.

Except, of course, this is already science fact.

Robots are already working in some hotels -- the Henn-na Hotel in Sasebo , Japan is staffed entirely by machines including one, bizarrely, resembling a dinosaur.

But that's just how things roll in high-tech Japan, right?

Nope, robots are now making an appearance in hotels around the planet -- and more are on their way.

In a Marriott hotel in Ghent, Belgium, a diminutive humanoid robot named Mario has been working since June 2015.

He welcomes guests in 19 languages and guards the buffet.

A similar device, this one powered by IBM's human-mimicking Watson computer, has just taken up a concierge position at a Hilton McLean hotel in Virginia.

Last year, Royal Caribbean installed cocktail-mixing robot bartenders on several of its cruise ships.

Rise of the machines

JUST WATCHED Japan opens world's first robot hotel Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Japan opens world's first robot hotel 01:00

Gimmicks, yes, but their developers promise they're getting more sophisticated by the month. Mario will soon learn how to order taxis.

So the rise of the hotel machines seems unstoppable, but will it come at the cost of human interaction and human jobs?

And will guests really want to stay in robot-run hotels?

These questions are clearly taxing travel and tourism experts, who spent much of a recent major industry trade event, ITB Berlin , discussing their implications.

"A lot of jobs considered non-automatable in the past are now considered to be automatable," Oxford University's Carl Benedikt Frey, an expert on technology and employment, told delegates.

Frey and fellow academics have ranked jobs in terms of how likely they are to be computerized in a study that shows some travel and tourism jobs more at risk than others.

Recreational therapists, such as those who work in wellness resorts, are at the safe end of the scale.

Tour guides face much gloomier prospects -- although Frey said that depends heavily on circumstance.

"Someone standing on a bus with a microphone and someone riding on a horse with you across the Alps are very different," he said. "The first is quite automatable, the second is not."

Service inconsistencies

Mario, in-house robot at the Marriott hotel in Ghent, struts his stuff at the #ITB Berlin Convention A video posted by Barry Neild (@barryneild) on Mar 13, 2016 at 12:02pm PDT

U.S. online bookings company Travelzoo gathered some stats ahead of ITB Berlin that suggest many people worldwide are at ease with the idea of being looked after by machines on their travels.

Of 6,000 travelers surveyed globally, nearly two thirds said they'd be comfortable.

Richard Singer, Travelzoo's European president, says he welcomes the swiftly advancing day when apps and machines will get us from lobby to room without the "service inconsistencies" of humans.

But, he says, it'll still be worth hotels ensuring that personal touch, not least to try to up-sell us to bigger suites.

"I would be very surprised if we get to the point where hotels are entirely manned by robots," he tells CNN.

"But who would've thought a few years ago that there would be driverless cars or drone planes."

On hand at ITB Berlin to demonstrate the kind of service we can expect was ChihiraKanae, a robot created by Toshiba technicians in Japan.

With human features and facial expressions, she's one of the most lifelike androids around, even though she doesn't move much.

She demonstrated her abilities by greeting passersby in multiple languages and, rather surprisingly, telling random strangers her star sign.

Smile generator

Marriott's Mario robot also made the trip, showing off his dance moves at the command of Fabrice Goffin, co-CEO of Belgium's Zora Robotics.

Goffin's original robot creations -- specially programmed versions of the popular Alderbaran Nao robot -- were developed for the health industry, but caught the eye of Ghent Marriott General Manager Roger Langhout.

"I thought, let's give it a go and see how it develops," Langhout says.

"As soon as we saw Mario interacting with our guests we saw a smile. Nobody has seen it before."

Though he acknowledges Mario is a novelty, Langhout claims the robot can do something that no human has ever managed -- make PowerPoint presentations interesting.

"We've found that content retention by participants is increased when Mario makes the presentation."

But will he be putting Marriott employees out of a job?

No, says Langhout.

"We like innovation and technology, but we're well aware it can never replace human interaction. You can only program him to a certain level."

How to stop a robot stealing your job

Oxford academic Frey says it's too early to say how big an impact robots will make on employment levels.

"It's very difficult to assess how people will react to robot concierges," he said. "They've been well received in Japan, but that doesn't mean that it will be the same in Germany or Sweden."

For young people wanting to proof themselves against being replaced by a machine, Frey has some sage advice.

"Be good at social interaction, be creative, be able to interact with the world," he added.

In other words, even though robots may soon be checking us in, that's no excuse for us to check out.&&&Robots are already working in some hotels -- the Henn-na Hotel in Sasebo , Japan is staffed entirely by machines including one, bizarrely, resembling a dinosaur.
Rise of the machinesJUST WATCHED Japan opens world's first robot hotel Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Japan opens world's first robot hotel 01:00Gimmicks, yes, but their developers promise they're getting more sophisticated by the month.
In a Marriott hotel in Ghent, Belgium, a diminutive humanoid robot named Mario has been working since June 2015.
So the rise of the hotel machines seems unstoppable, but will it come at the cost of human interaction and human jobs?
Smile generatorMarriott's Mario robot also made the trip, showing off his dance moves at the command of Fabrice Goffin, co-CEO of Belgium's Zora Robotics.&&&
Credits Aimee Schier Sean O'key;Moni Basu;&&&Moni Basu&&&War & Fashion&&&War & Fashion

Carnage: Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria. Catwalk: Armani, Balenciaga, Yves Saint Laurent.



War is ugly. Fashion is beautiful. War projects the worst of humanity. Fashion displays sartorial splendor in its highest. War is fraught with danger, even for journalists and especially for photographers who must get up close to their subjects to frame an image. Fashion is far less perilous, though photographers must also get intimate with their subjects on and around the runways. There are photographers who shoot both: battlefields and runways, guns and glamour. At first, photographing war and fashion appear as incongruous acts that are difficult to reconcile.



Until, perhaps, you take a deeper look.

Gaza, 2000. Gaza, 2000. Paris, 2006. Paris, 2006. Photographs by Christopher Anderson/Magnum Photos

I laid out photographer Christopher Anderson's images of war and fashion before him. He was on a lunch break from a New York Magazine cover shoot in a Manhattan studio.

"Amazing," he said.

He'd never seen his own photographs juxtaposed like that. War belongs in one intellectual compartment; fashion in another. The two don't usually mix in project portfolios -- or in the mind.

He called over the magazine's photo director, Jody Quon, for a look. She, too, was astonished by the common threads.

Anderson captured a Palestinian youth in Gaza during the second intifada and a Giorgio Armani show in Paris. Both images are blurred, the figures airy, almost diaphanous in the light.

"It's about the optics," Anderson said.

In the summer of 2006, Anderson shot rescuers attempting to remove bodies from the rubble of a Beirut apartment building hit by Israeli jets. "Lebanon horrified me," he said.

Two years later, he clicked his camera behind the scenes at a Proenza Schouler show in New York. The composition feels eerily similar. Both images show a cacophony of chaos.

Beirut, Lebanon, 2006. Beirut, Lebanon, 2006. New York, 2008. New York, 2008. Photographs by Christopher Anderson/Magnum Photos

Then there is a photograph of 3rd Infantry Division soldiers clearing a building during the battle for Baghdad after U.S. forces entered the Iraqi capital in 2003. And a shot showing models at a L'Wren Scott show in 2008. The movement in the Iraq photo mirrors that of the models in their high heels.

"I see scared little girls who have come from all over the world, all dressed up to be something they're not," Anderson said. Just like the young men in the U.S. Army who got dressed up to fight, terrified, at times, of a still-invisible enemy.

Iraq, 2003. Iraq, 2003. New York, 2008. New York, 2008. Photographs by Christopher Anderson/Magnum Photos

"People are people," Anderson said. "I see the human experience in these photos. When I'm looking to make a picture, I'm peeling back layers to get that emotional quality."

As in the photo of an Iraqi army sergeant surrendering to the Americans in Najaf.

"I don't see war," Anderson said. "I see a man who is frightened."

The idea to juxtapose war and fashion evolved after CNN's Director of Photography Simon Barnett came across a war photograph that reminded him of a fashion shot he'd seen. (See Barnett's selection of images on CNN's photo blog.)

"I got to thinking about a number of established combat photographers who have in recent years been turning their cameras toward fashion," Barnett said. "I wondered what we would find if we went deeper into their work."

Barnett did just that; he asked Magnum Photos to send him a collection of images made by four photographers -- each of whom has won major photojournalism awards.

Cairo, 2011. Cairo, 2011. New York, 2005. New York, 2005. Photographs by Paolo Pellegrin/Magnum Photos

When they arrived in Atlanta, Barnett plastered the photographs all over CNN's media lab, and began moving them around.

"We saw that many photos taken by the same photographer seemingly started pairing themselves together." Barnett said. "In a very immediate and simplistic way I found this stimulating to look at, but wondered whether this meant anything."

He was intrigued by the prospect of presenting the photographers with an edgy new body of work they'd created with no conscious awareness of having done so.

Anderson and Jerome Sessini were both surprised at first but the more they talked about their work, the more it became apparent how the pairings made sense. Paolo Pellegrin and Alex Majoli, the two other photographers whose work is showcased here, were shooting a project in a war zone and could not be reached for comment.

To others, the idea of this odd juxtaposition seemed unfair. Disturbing, even.

Kabul, Afghanistan, 2004. Kabul, Afghanistan, 2004. Paris, 2008. Paris, 2008. Photographs by Christopher Anderson/Magnum Photos

"Appalling," said Sonya Fry, executive director of the Overseas Press Club, which bestows the prestigious Robert Capa Gold Medal for courage and enterprise in photography.

She perceived war as serious; fashion, not.

Still, she found it interesting to compare the dynamics of the photos.

That someone had put them together fascinated Anne Tucker, curator of photography at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston: "It's kind of ballsy," she said.

Look at the photographs, she said. Take away the first three things you see. Perhaps the number of people. Or gender sameness. Or chaos.

Then you begin to see other realms -- of coded clothing, body posture, the relationships of people to their environment.

"Its total unexpectedness is its value. It ain't ho-hum," Tucker said.

"My experience is that combat photographers are some of the smartest people I have met. They're not just interested in conflict photography. They are image connoisseurs. It doesn't surprise me that one would inform the other."

Iraq, 2003. Iraq, 2003. Paris, 2008. Paris, 2008. Photographs by Christopher Anderson/Magnum Photos

Provocative. That's how Stefano Tonchi saw it. The mastermind behind The New York Times style magazine, T, and now the executive editor of W magazine, has worked with combat photojournalists in many fashion shoots.

"Not to say that fashion is not war," he joked. "But what is compelling about the images is the technique."

In both situations, the photographers must move fast, quick to make decisions about light and composition. They are used to catching a moment, capturing something people believe in.

"I think there are more believers in fashion," Tonchi observed, "than there are in human rights."

Author and documentarian Sebastian Junger admitted he knew nothing about fashion. But when he saw the war and fashion photos, he felt that perhaps the fashion world was a bit of a battlefield.

"It makes the world of fashion seem kind of brutal and filled with conflict," said Junger, whose collaboration with the late combat photographer Tim Hetherington in Afghanistan's Korengal Valley resulted in the gritty film "Restrepo."

Kosovo, 1999. Kosovo, 1999. Paris, 2009. Paris, 2009. Photographs by Paolo Pellegrin/Magnum Photos

The fashion world for Junger is all about performance. The emotions are exaggerated, even fake. The gestures, for the most part, posed.

"It's funny, in my eye. They all look like they're trying very hard to stand out, striking very aggressive, confident poses.

Not different, perhaps, than a rebel fighter posturing in front of a camera, trying to appear invincible.

That's evident in Sessini's portrait of a fighter in Libya along the road to Ajdabiya in 2011.

War, too, said Junger, can be about performance. Only the anguish is real.

Ajdabiya, Libya, 2011. Ajdabiya, Libya, 2011. Milan, Italy, 2012. Milan, Italy, 2012. Photographs by Jerome Sessini/Magnum Photos

"It's not how a photographer looks at the world that is important. It's their intimate relationship with it." The words of French photographer Antoine d'Agata synthesize the work of Sessini.

"I would say shooting is conditioned by the attitude on the ground, the emotional connection with the subject. That is, my personal relationship," Sessini said.

"When this relationship is strong, my eyes and my perception take precedence over the subject, whatever it is."

The difficulty for photojournalists lies in balancing truth with emotion, information with appearance. In the 2004 Falluja offensive, Sessini photographed two Marines who were clearing houses. They are shown sitting back to back on a metal bed in a house clearly ravaged by war.

"I felt their fear. Very young and very scared. They were lost in this space, wondering what they were doing there," Sessini said.

"That's what I tried to transmit -- the psychology of the soldiers. Anxiety, fear. No sense of purpose."

In another photo that Sessini shot just last September at an Armani show, two models appear backstage, back to back, wearing the same dress, their uniform of sorts. As with the case of the Marines, you cannot see their faces but Sessini captured the essence of their emotions with their pose. Lost in the middle of a big show.

Falluja, Iraq, 2004. Falluja, Iraq, 2004. Milan, Italy, 2012. Milan, Italy, 2012. Photographs by Jerome Sessini/Magnum Photos

"Showing expression most of the time, it's too easy," Sessini said. "A smile -- it's the first thing that you can see. If you search more, you can find something in the body or the posture."

Junger saw the same mechanics in those two photos but took away two completely different stories. The two women didn't seem connected.

"In fashion, there's some kind of implicit competition of who is the prettiest. In combat, it's the exact opposite. Those guys are completely connected."

It made sense to Junger that photographers focus on the same physical statements they make about individuals in fashion as they do in war. But the human form has limited focus points, the face being the most obvious one.

Pellegrin used the face, gesture and posture to get across two very different situations, said Tucker of Houston's fine arts museum.

There is a man with his arms outstretched in Tahrir Square and a model with her left arm in the air at New York's Fashion Week. The two images look similar. One emits rage, the other grace.

Cairo, 2011. Cairo, 2011. New York, 2004. New York, 2004. Photographs by Paolo Pellegrin/Magnum Photos

The anger in the faces of Egyptians protesting the rule of Hosni Mubarak in Cairo's Tahrir Square is evident in Paolo Pellegrin's 2011 photo. His shot of four models at Fashion Week in New York in 2005 is composed and framed in very much the same vein. Only this time, audiences come away with a look of speculation.

Another Pellegrin photo shows a man with his face covered, running during the anti-Mubarak protests. Next to it is a Paul Smith model running through brush in a corseted skirt.

Cairo, 2011. Cairo, 2011. Paris, 2010. Paris, 2010. Photographs by Paolo Pellegrin/Magnum Photos

There's no mistaking the circumstances in which each subject is running. The model is wearing high heels and holding up a black bag. Her jaunt lacks desperation. The man, perhaps, is running for his life.

War and fashion. Opposite worlds?

Yes, of course.

A photographer is not likely to be injured or killed at backstage Balenciaga. But take away the danger element and to Anderson, much of it feels the same.

To get through the logistics, to be able to position yourself just right is as difficult at Armani as it is in Afghanistan.

"You have to anticipate where you need to be so that when things unfold you're reacting to what's in front of you," Anderson said.

Both situations are uncontrolled. If you click too late, you've missed the drama of the moment.

Anderson sees the same sensibility in all his photographs. The same person behind every frame.

He no longer shoots war. At a certain point, he believes, he was playing with statistics.

"From a creative standpoint, I don't know what else to say about war."

But the thing is, there is beauty in war. Powerful beauty.

To understand it, you have to first understand war's ugliness.

"The volume is turned up in war," Anderson said. "If it's beautiful, it's more beautiful. The ugly is uglier."

In war, you look for beauty of the human spirit. In a single gesture. Or act.

Cairo, 2011. Cairo, 2011. New York, 2009. New York, 2009. Photographs by Alex Majoli/Magnum Photos

For many combat photographers, fashion is the tougher subject in that it is less familiar. Pellegrin, in a 2010 interview with Reuters, said this about fashion: "It's a world I do not frequent or know well. But I did not want to dismiss it as superficial. There is a lot of talent and creativity in fashion. I came with respect and wanting to discover a world I knew not so much about."

Strangely, shooting war is sometimes less complicated, from a purely artistic standpoint. There is so much that is happening in front of you, Sessini said. It's easier to tell an extraordinary tale than craft one from the ordinary.

"For me, war photography is easier," he said. "The thing happens in front of you. You just have to frame and shoot. It's very easy to get a strong picture. At Fashion Week, it's much more difficult. You have to work, you have to find something different and find your own vision."

Shooting fashion was a challenge for Sessini. "I can feel stressed in the same way in Falluja that I feel in Milan."

Sessini found my questions interesting. No one had asked them before. He, too, had never studied his photos of war and fashion next to one another.

When you have a vision of the world, it comes through in your work, he supposed. That is true whether in war or fashion.&&&"The idea to juxtapose war and fashion evolved after CNN's Director of Photography Simon Barnett came across a war photograph that reminded him of a fashion shot he'd seen.
But when he saw the war and fashion photos, he felt that perhaps the fashion world was a bit of a battlefield.
Photographs by Christopher Anderson/Magnum PhotosI laid out photographer Christopher Anderson's images of war and fashion before him.
At first, photographing war and fashion appear as incongruous acts that are difficult to reconcile.
He, too, had never studied his photos of war and fashion next to one another.&&&
Tami Hoey;Amanda Goodman;&&&Amanda Goodman&&&18-year-old woman falls 60-100 feet while hiking Camelback Mount&&&A female hiker was rushed to the hospital Wednesday after she fell while hiking Camelback Mountain.

The 18-year-old GCU student reportedly fell 60 to 100 feet in the Echo Canyon area.

She was reportedly unconscious but breathing.

People visiting Camelback saw the whole thing unfold in front of them and say it looked as though she may have been free climbing and got stuck.

"It appeared that after a period of time just couldn't hold on any longer and just seemed to lose her grip and fall straight back," Dan Jennings said.

Jennings described the sight as horrific.

Crews used a big wheel to bring her down from the mountain.

She was taken by ambulance to Scottsdale Healthcare Osborn Hospital in critical condition.

Copyright 2016 KPHO/KTVK (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.&&&The 18-year-old GCU student reportedly fell 60 to 100 feet in the Echo Canyon area.
People visiting Camelback saw the whole thing unfold in front of them and say it looked as though she may have been free climbing and got stuck.
She was reportedly unconscious but breathing.
A female hiker was rushed to the hospital Wednesday after she fell while hiking Camelback Mountain.
Crews used a big wheel to bring her down from the mountain.&&&
	&&&Amanda Goodman&&&Transcripts&&&



Return to Transcripts main page

CNN Transcripts for April 16, 2016

Note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available. If you cannot find a specific segment, check back later.&&&Return to Transcripts main pageCNN Transcripts for April 16, 2016Note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available.
If you cannot find a specific segment, check back later.&&&
	&&&Brenda Yahm&&&Prince's most memorable songs&&&From "1999" to "Purple Rain" to "Let's Go Crazy," these are some of Prince's most memorable songs.&&&From "1999" to "Purple Rain" to "Let's Go Crazy," these are some of Prince's most memorable songs.&&&
Elaine Yu;&&&Elaine Yu&&&And the world's best airport is ...&&&For the fourth year in a row, Singapore Changi Airport has clinched the World's Best Airport title at the annual SkyTrax World Airport Awards , announced Wednesday in Cologne, Germany.

The Skytrax awards are based on millions of votes collected in passenger surveys.

Many of those passing through the island city-state are clearly pleased with the airport's innovations, such as two 24-hour movie theaters screening the latest blockbusters for free, a rooftop swimming pool and a butterfly garden.

"To be named the World's Best Airport by SkyTrax for the fourth year running is a significant achievement for Changi Airport and a clear affirmation that we continue to hit the right notes in our pursuit of service excellence," airport CEO Lee Seow Hiang said in a statement issued by SkyTrax.

"We do not take this recognition for granted; it is the extraordinary effort and commitment of the entire airport community that drives Changi's success."

Coming second is South Korea's Incheon International Airport, which has held the No. 2 spot since 2013.

This year's top 10 list hasn't changed much from previous years, though the addition of Doha's Hamad International Airport, from 22nd place last year, marks the first Middle East airport to join the ranks.

Airport authorities in Japan are getting things right, too, with three of its airports among the top 10.

Once again, North America failed to have an airport in the top 10.

Vancouver International Airport, the No. 1 airport in North America for a record seventh consecutive year, fell from 11th place to 14th in this year's rankings.

2016 SkyTrax World Airport Awards

1. Singapore Changi Airport

2. Incheon International Airport (South Korea)

3. Munich Airport (Germany)

4. Tokyo International Airport Haneda

5. Hong Kong International Airport

6. Chubu Centrair International Airport (Nagoya, Japan)

7. Zurich Airport (Switzerland)

8. London Heathrow Airport

9. Kansai International Airport (Osaka, Japan)

10. Hamad International Airport (Doha, Qatar)&&&For the fourth year in a row, Singapore Changi Airport has clinched the World's Best Airport title at the annual SkyTrax World Airport Awards , announced Wednesday in Cologne, Germany.
"To be named the World's Best Airport by SkyTrax for the fourth year running is a significant achievement for Changi Airport and a clear affirmation that we continue to hit the right notes in our pursuit of service excellence," airport CEO Lee Seow Hiang said in a statement issued by SkyTrax.
Incheon International Airport (South Korea)3.
2016 SkyTrax World Airport Awards1.
Kansai International Airport (Osaka, Japan)10.&&&
Sarah Jorgensen;&&&Sarah Jorgensen&&&Gun makers keep up fight against Sandy Hook families' lawsuit&&&(CNN) Attorneys representing gun manufacturers are fighting to throw out a lawsuit brought by families of the Sandy Hook shooting victims after landmark progress by the plaintiffs earlier this week.

The new motion to strike filings seeking to do away with the case come after a potentially groundbreaking ruling earlier this week by Judge Barbara Bellis that set a trial date for April 2018 and opened the door to discovery in the case.

Should the case proceed after the defense's latest effort to kill the case, it would be the first lawsuit of its kind to reach the discovery phase after the enactment of the 2005 Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, or PLCAA, according to experts.

JUST WATCHED Daughter of slain Sandy Hook principal wants apology Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Daughter of slain Sandy Hook principal wants apology 03:45

The discovery phase of the case would also unlock internal documents and open the door to depositions of employees of the gun companies, giving the public insight into the internal strategy in these companies.

The legal team representing Bushmaster, Remington, and other companies associated with distribution and sale of the firearms claim that the gun makers were not responsible for the actions of Adam Lanza, 20, the man behind the deadly Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, saying they did not directly supply him with his weapon.

Read More&&&(CNN) Attorneys representing gun manufacturers are fighting to throw out a lawsuit brought by families of the Sandy Hook shooting victims after landmark progress by the plaintiffs earlier this week.
JUST WATCHED Daughter of slain Sandy Hook principal wants apology Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Daughter of slain Sandy Hook principal wants apology 03:45The discovery phase of the case would also unlock internal documents and open the door to depositions of employees of the gun companies, giving the public insight into the internal strategy in these companies.
The legal team representing Bushmaster, Remington, and other companies associated with distribution and sale of the firearms claim that the gun makers were not responsible for the actions of Adam Lanza, 20, the man behind the deadly Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, saying they did not directly supply him with his weapon.
The new motion to strike filings seeking to do away with the case come after a potentially groundbreaking ruling earlier this week by Judge Barbara Bellis that set a trial date for April 2018 and opened the door to discovery in the case.
Should the case proceed after the defense's latest effort to kill the case, it would be the first lawsuit of its kind to reach the discovery phase after the enactment of the 2005 Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, or PLCAA, according to experts.&&&
Todd Leopold;&&&Todd Leopold&&&'Friends' director: 'It was a treasure'&&&For more than 40 years, whenever TV sitcoms have wanted a trusted director, the person they turn to most often is Burrows.

His credits include an honor roll of TV's greatest comedies, including "The Mary Tyler Moore Show," "The Bob Newhart Show," "Taxi," "Cheers" (237 of the 271 episodes), "Frasier," "Friends" and "Will & Grace" -- 1,000 episodes in all. (The 1,000th: an episode of "Crowded" taped in December.)

He's won 10 Emmys and four Directors Guild honors, among his many awards.

On Sunday, NBC will honor Burrows with "Must See TV: An All-Star Tribute to James Burrows." The special has already earned publicity for the reunion of the "Friends" cast (though Matthew Perry joined via a pretaped segment), but any fan of television will want to watch for the appearances of other legends, including the "Taxi" gang and "Cheers" barflies.

"It was just an out-of-body experience," said Burrows in wonder during a conference call.

James Burrows is a veteran of 1,000 TV episodes.

In some respects, Burrows, 75, was born to the business. His father, Abe Burrows, wrote or directed such works as "Guys and Dolls" and "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying," and James grew up a theater rat.

But TV sitcoms weren't in the cards until Burrows was in his 30s and -- having spent several years directing and managing stage productions -- he wrote a letter to Mary Tyler Moore, an old acquaintance who was then in the midst of "MTM's" seven-season run.

"They took a chance. I knew I had one shot," he told the Archive of American Television

From there it all grew.

Burrows spoke to reporters in early February. Here are excerpts from the conversation:

His favorite show is ...

When it comes to the classics he's directed, Burrows admits that selecting certain favorite scenes is like picking among children. After all, this is the guy who was on hand for the "Frasier" pilot, Sam and Diane's kiss and Reverend Jim's driving test.

But among the shows themselves, Burrows doesn't hesitate: It's "Will & Grace."

"That was the funniest show I've ever done. It was a fairy tale, literally and figuratively," he said, noting the unusual characters played by Sean Hayes and Megan Mullally, as well as supporting performers such as Shelley Morrison and Molly Shannon. "It made me laugh every day of the week. It made me feel young."

Most shows rotate directors. Burrows directed every single episode of "Will & Grace" -- eight seasons' worth.

"It was this strange kind of phenomenon that tickled me pink every Tuesday night that we shot the show," he said.

He's against a 'Friends' revival

Reunions and reboots are golden on television -- not only does the audience get to wallow in nostalgia, but the shows and networks reap big publicity (and/or ratings) from the whole thing. Look at "Gilmore Girls" or "The X-Files."

Burrows doesn't care.

"I don't think you should ever go back," he said. "(Various interests have) talked to us about a 'Cheers' reunion for years -- I don't want to do one."

He adds that he has no control over "Friends" -- the show was created by Kevin Bright, Marta Kauffman and David Crane -- but he hopes the end was the end.

"It's what it was, and it was a treasure in the history of television, and I don't think you want to revisit that," he said.

Not everything he's directed has turned to gold

Along with "Friends," "Frasier" and the rest are a number of shows Burrows has worked on that didn't succeed. (Indeed, his very first TV job was as Burl Ives' dialogue coach on the 1965-66 flop "O.K. Crackerby," co-created by his father.)

Some are better left forgotten, but there's one ratings failure that still rankles him: a show called "The Class," a 2006-07 production about a group of third-graders who reunite 20 years later. The stars included Lizzy Kaplan ("Masters of Sex") and Jesse Tyler Ferguson ("Modern Family").

He says he often has a gut feeling about what's going to work.

"I knew from the dress rehearsals of 'Cheers,' 'Friends,' 'Frasier,' and 'Will & Grace' how special those shows were," he said.

"The Class" had the same buzz, he said, but it didn't pay off.

"I was always disappointed about 'The Class,' " he said.

'I wish I was a part of it'

Burrows can reel off a list of shows he wishes he'd had a shot at: "The Dick Van Dyke Show" -- "it's one of my favorite shows," he said -- "Seinfeld," "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "Curb Your Enthusiasm."

And then there is the guy who, like the MTM family of shows, sparked CBS' '70s renaissance.

"I wish I had Norman Lear's brain," he said. "I don't think like Norman but all of his shows -- especially 'All in the Family' -- were just groundbreaking. That was before my time, but I respect that show and wish I was a part of it."

From generation to generation

Burrows is quick to credit his inspirations, starting with his father.

Abe Burrows took his son along to rehearsals and productions, and he instilled a sense of what worked and what didn't.

"I don't think you can learn how to be funny. I think you've got to be born with that, and then it can be nurtured from there," he said.

Another influence was director Jay Sandrich, a major force on MTM shows. (Sandrich himself is the son of a showbiz veteran, film director Mark Sandrich.)

"Jay was a big part of my development," he said. "From Jay I learned to have an opinion about something -- say what you feel, say what you think would make the show better. Don't just be a traffic cop. Don't just move the actors. Jay was great with that."

And what advice does he have for future directors?

"The hardest thing to do is not get your foot in the door -- the hardest thing to do is be ready for the opportunity when you get the shot at directing," he said.

"Mary Tyler Moore" got him in the door, but the rest was up to him.

"You have to have confidence in yourself. You have to bring something to the dance," he said. "Because I kept contributing to it, that's why I succeeded."&&&"I knew from the dress rehearsals of 'Cheers,' 'Friends,' 'Frasier,' and 'Will & Grace' how special those shows were," he said.
"It's what it was, and it was a treasure in the history of television, and I don't think you want to revisit that," he said.
When it comes to the classics he's directed, Burrows admits that selecting certain favorite scenes is like picking among children.
Not everything he's directed has turned to goldAlong with "Friends," "Frasier" and the rest are a number of shows Burrows has worked on that didn't succeed.
Burrows directed every single episode of "Will & Grace" -- eight seasons' worth.&&&
Michael Pearson;&&&Michael Pearson&&&Arctic sea ice growth stunted again&&&Story highlights Arctic sea ice spread is the smallest on record, researchers say

The loss of sea ice could influence global weather patterns, they say

(CNN) Earth's Arctic ocean freezer is making fewer ice cubes, and that could be a problem throughout the Northern Hemisphere, researchers at the National Snow and Ice Data Center are warning.

The center, part of the University of Colorado at Boulder, reported Monday that the spread of Arctic sea ice set a new record low for the second straight year, stopping last week at 5.607 million square miles.

That's 5,000 square miles less than last year's record low, as observed by satellites, and 431,000 square miles less than the average for winters between 1981 and 2010, the center said.

"The Arctic is in crisis. Year by year, it's slipping into a new state, and it's hard to see how that won't have an effect on weather throughout the Northern Hemisphere," said Ted Scambos, a lead scientist at the center.

Arctic sea ice reflects heat from the sun. Less ice means more heat given off the from ocean and higher Arctic temperatures. That can affect weather around the world by, among other things, disrupting the jet stream -- the high-speed, high-altitude wind current that carries weather patterns from west to east.

Read More&&&Story highlights Arctic sea ice spread is the smallest on record, researchers sayThe loss of sea ice could influence global weather patterns, they say(CNN) Earth's Arctic ocean freezer is making fewer ice cubes, and that could be a problem throughout the Northern Hemisphere, researchers at the National Snow and Ice Data Center are warning.
Arctic sea ice reflects heat from the sun.
That can affect weather around the world by, among other things, disrupting the jet stream -- the high-speed, high-altitude wind current that carries weather patterns from west to east.
The center, part of the University of Colorado at Boulder, reported Monday that the spread of Arctic sea ice set a new record low for the second straight year, stopping last week at 5.607 million square miles.
Less ice means more heat given off the from ocean and higher Arctic temperatures.&&&
	&&&Michael Pearson&&&Lonely Planet launches guide to world's most spectacular toilets&&&Thiksey Monastery, Ladakh, India

Lamas at this Tibetan Buddhist monastery get to be at one with everything even during bathroom breaks. Their "panoramic toilet" is one of more than 100 included in Lonely Planet's "Toilets: A Spotter's Guide." (Picture credit: 500px&&&Their "panoramic toilet" is one of more than 100 included in Lonely Planet's "Toilets: A Spotter's Guide.
Thiksey Monastery, Ladakh, IndiaLamas at this Tibetan Buddhist monastery get to be at one with everything even during bathroom breaks.
" (Picture credit: 500px&&&
	&&&Michael Pearson&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
For Cnn;Meera Senthilingam;&&&Meera Senthilingam&&&Occasional fasting could help you live longer&&&(CNN) How much -- or how little -- you eat could influence how long you live.

The idea of caloric control improving your health, and therefore your lifespan, is nothing new, but researchers are now hoping to accurately determine the type of diet that could make you live longer.

One team at the University of Southern California ( USC) are reducing the calorie count as low as it can go, using specific foods to trick the human body into thinking it's fasting -- a process called fasting mimicry.

"Diet can have a remarkable effect on you," says Valter Longo, Professor of Gerontology at USC Davis, who has been long been researching the mechanisms behind human aging and has recently turned his attention to fasting.

"It can reprogram your body and put it on a path to live longer," says Longo.

Shutdown and regeneration

Fasting has been performed by communities and cultures for millennia and Longo's team are curious about the advantages.

Their idea follows on from the long running trend of caloric restriction, mostly known through diets such as the 5-2 diet and intermittent fasting. Longo tested the impact of fasting for five consecutive days every month, believing that when the body thinks it's in a state of fasting, it shuts down and goes into standby mode.

"As cells are killed and the body goes into standby, your stem cells switch on," says Longo. Once switched on, the stem cells can regenerate the lost cells and organ mass -- leaving you shiny and new.

When cells in the body age, their ratios change and Longo believes the body's reaction -- and repair methods -- to fasting help restore them to when you were younger. "You're killing the bad cells and regenerating with cells that are more functional."

Starvation strategies

In a 2015 study , Longo's team set a specific diet for human volunteers, which mimicked the effects of fasting over five consecutive days monthly, for three months. Trials were also conducted in mice.

People consumed approximately 1000 calories on day one and 725 calories for the remaining four days, but these numbers alone didn't determine the benefit.

"It's not just about reducing calories", says Longo. His diet is designed to include specific percentages of protein, fat and carbohydrates, for maximum effect. The food items used, however, were specific to the trial and if translated to the public would involve designing meals made up of the right combination of nutrients.

"The human fasting mimicking diet (FMD) program is a plant based diet program designed to attain fasting-like effects while providing micronutrient nourishment (vitamins, minerals, etc.) and minimize the burden of fasting," Longo said in the study

After three months, the benefits were a reduction in body weight as well as certain risk factors for cardiovascular disease. There was also an increase in certain stem cells in the body.

"The diet is turning on the body's ability to renew itself," says Longo.

The team have since calculated that following the diet every three months could provide enough of an impact as effects are thought to last up to six months.

How does it work?

"When you fast, you lower protein and certain amino acids and you control pathways [in the body]," says Longo. The pathways he refers to are known as TOR, PKA and IGF pathways, which when controlled can switch on certain reactions inside the body causing immune cells to die and organs to shrink.

This activation, or reduction, of pathways is why the components of the diet, such a proteins, must also be controlled. "You won't activate the correct pathways," says Longo.

"When you make IGF less active, it reduces risk factors linked to diabetes and cardiovascular disease," says Miguel Toribio-Mateas, Chairman of the British Association for Applied Nutrition and Nutritional Therapy.

According to Toribio-Mateas, the results confirm earlier theories that "some hormone-like growth factors that are required during development to grow, then become promoting agents of aging after development and sexual maturity have been reached". He also believes the benefits are down to improved efficiency on a cellular level.

"Cells have a list of things to do every day,...like getting rid of toxins" says Toribio-Mateas. If their workload is then disrupted by the need to store excess calories, certain products can accumulate. "Regulating calories can have a very positive effect," he says. To him, diet underpins longevity.

Is it safe?

Unlike the 5-2 diet, which requires two days of low calories at any point in the week, Longo's diet involves fasting for five consecutive days, which requires much more willpower.

"Five days is safe: going on for longer is difficult to do outside of a clinic," says Longo.

More work needs to be done to fine tune the diet and determine meals that meet the criteria. Longo has since founded his own nutrition company. L-Nutra, to sell products that serve this purpose, which may be seen as a conflict of interest. He states that profits are going back into funding further research by his team.

"The results of the study are encouraging and warrant more research in this area," says Toribio-Mateas.&&&If their workload is then disrupted by the need to store excess calories, certain products can accumulate.
"It can reprogram your body and put it on a path to live longer," says Longo.
When cells in the body age, their ratios change and Longo believes the body's reaction -- and repair methods -- to fasting help restore them to when you were younger.
Their idea follows on from the long running trend of caloric restriction, mostly known through diets such as the 5-2 diet and intermittent fasting.
"The human fasting mimicking diet (FMD) program is a plant based diet program designed to attain fasting-like effects while providing micronutrient nourishment (vitamins, minerals, etc.&&&
David Goldman;&&&David Goldman&&&FCC wants to stop prisoners from making cell phone calls&&&Prisoners aren't allowed to have cell phones, but the gadgets keep making their way behind bars -- often with disastrous consequences.

Contraband cell phones are a real problem. They have allowed prisoners to surreptitiously deal drugs, run illegal businesses and even organize murders, right under the noses of guards and wardens. A single South Carolina prison recently detected 35,000 cell phone calls and texts over a 23-day period.

That's why FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai and South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley are pushing to cut off prisoners' access to cell phones. Prisoners are allowed to make phone calls, but only on special landlines that can be monitored by law enforcement.

In 2013, the FCC recommended implementing technology that would prevent inmates from making cell phone calls. But the FCC has failed to take any action over the past three years.

Related: Government's plan to cut sky-high prison phone rates blocked

At an FCC hearing Wednesday, Pai said action is necessary because of incidents like one that happened in Georgia, when a woman was texted images of her incarcerated boyfriend being strangled. The inmate texted her that the beatings would continue unless she sent him $300.

FCC action might have been able to prevent the killing of a murder witness, who was shot three times after the incarcerated suspect called a gang member to pull the trigger.

And blocking contraband cell phones could have prevented the shooting of Captain Robert Johnson, a former prison guard at the maximum security Lee Correctional Institution, in Bishopville, South Carolina. In 2010, Johnson was shot six times by a gunman hired by a prisoner who used a contraband cell phone to order the hit. Ironically, Johnson was in charge of confiscating prisoners' cell phones.

Johnson, who barely survived the shooting, testified that Lee Correctional Institution had asked the FCC to put cell phone blocking systems in place, but the agency denied the request.

"I am angry with this process," Johnson testified. "This technology is available, but its use is not permitted. I firmly believe that if South Carolina Department of Corrections had been allowed to block cell phone signals, my ordeal may not have happened."

Three years ago, the FCC recommended allowing prisons to manage their own cell phone network access, allowing only a pre-approved list of phones to place calls on the network. Guards' phones would be get a full signal, but phones that are smuggled into prisons would have no "bars."

Related: El Chapo's money man captured

Five states -- California, Maryland, Mississippi, South Carolina and Texas -- have tested these systems in their prisons. But under current FCC rules, each prison needs to petition the agency every time it wants to test and implement a managed access system.

The FCC has called that process so "time-consuming and complex" and says it "unnecessarily discourages their use." As a result, the FCC proposed cutting the red tape and streamlining the process for using the technology.

In an op-ed in USA Today this week, Governor Haley noted that South Carolina has expanded its use of managed access systems in its prisons since Johnson's shooting. But she said the FCC must lead the way by loosening its regulation over prisons' airwaves.

In addition to managed access, the FCC is considering forcing wireless companies to block service for contraband cell phones found in prisons. It is also thinking of allowing cell phone detection systems in prisons, though those would require guards to find the phones and take them away.

Wardens have tried and failed to stop cell phones from making their way into prisons. Rather than fight that losing battle, they might be able to prevent cell phones from being used once they make their way inside.&&&In 2013, the FCC recommended implementing technology that would prevent inmates from making cell phone calls.
A single South Carolina prison recently detected 35,000 cell phone calls and texts over a 23-day period.
That's why FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai and South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley are pushing to cut off prisoners' access to cell phones.
Prisoners aren't allowed to have cell phones, but the gadgets keep making their way behind bars -- often with disastrous consequences.
Ironically, Johnson was in charge of confiscating prisoners' cell phones.&&&
Todd Leopold;&&&Todd Leopold&&&Cuba and the digital age&&&Story highlights More Cubans have access to the Internet than ever before

Wi-Fi hotspots were installed in major city parks last year

(CNN) Giorgio Palmera first visited Cuba 20 years ago and fell in love with the island country and its people.

So in recent years he's watched with interest as the country's communist-run government has gradually welcomed technology that makes the nation more open to the world.

"A year ago, when I came back to Cuba after 20 years, Internet existed only in large tourist hotels where it was forbidden for Cubans to buy Internet cards," the photographer said in an email interview. "Now that the squares are covered by Wi-Fi and the cost of an hour's connection (has) dropped to 2 euro, Cubans have the option of having the world's information in real time."

Photographer Giorgio Palmera

In June, the state communications company installed 35 Wi-Fi hotspots in the parks of the country's major cities. Suddenly, the country was fully ushered into the digital age.

Some of Palmera's photos could have been taken in almost any modern city. In one, two teens are hunched over devices in the darkness, screen light reflecting on their faces. In another, a woman stares at her phone, headphone wires dangling. Teenagers in colorful clothes hang out in a city square, talking and texting.

Read More&&&"Photographer Giorgio PalmeraIn June, the state communications company installed 35 Wi-Fi hotspots in the parks of the country's major cities.
Suddenly, the country was fully ushered into the digital age.
Story highlights More Cubans have access to the Internet than ever beforeWi-Fi hotspots were installed in major city parks last year(CNN) Giorgio Palmera first visited Cuba 20 years ago and fell in love with the island country and its people.
"A year ago, when I came back to Cuba after 20 years, Internet existed only in large tourist hotels where it was forbidden for Cubans to buy Internet cards," the photographer said in an email interview.
So in recent years he's watched with interest as the country's communist-run government has gradually welcomed technology that makes the nation more open to the world.&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&Woman on 'Maury' looks like Ted Cruz's twin&&&Everything you need to know about Zika&&&Everything you need to know about Zika&&&
Flora Charner;&&&Flora Charner&&&Brazil robbers' foil suit don't beat bank surveillance&&&Story highlights Surveillance video shows would-be bank robbers dressed in head-to-toe aluminum foil

Police speculate they thought the alarm system wouldn't be tripped

They left empty-handed before police arrived, possibly warned by lookouts

(CNN) Two would-be robbers left a shiny impression on police in southern Brazil, when they chose an unusual form of camouflage during an attempted bank robbery: head-to-toe aluminum foil.

According to Santa Catarina military police, the suspects were most likely trying to foil the alarm of the Praia Grande branch of the Banco do Brasil late Saturday when they chose the metal outfits.

What they failed to notice were the internal security cameras, which were capturing their every move in a centralized surveillance office.

"They broke down one of the walls and thought the detectors from the alarm would not notice them," Santa Catarina military police spokesman Maj. Cristian Dimitri told CNN. "When the bank's central monitoring system saw them on the screen, they called the police immediately."

Screen grabs from the closed circuit footage showed two men crawling on the ground in the improvised aluminum suits, near the bank's main safe.

Read More&&&What they failed to notice were the internal security cameras, which were capturing their every move in a centralized surveillance office.
Story highlights Surveillance video shows would-be bank robbers dressed in head-to-toe aluminum foilPolice speculate they thought the alarm system wouldn't be trippedThey left empty-handed before police arrived, possibly warned by lookouts(CNN) Two would-be robbers left a shiny impression on police in southern Brazil, when they chose an unusual form of camouflage during an attempted bank robbery: head-to-toe aluminum foil.
"They broke down one of the walls and thought the detectors from the alarm would not notice them," Santa Catarina military police spokesman Maj. Cristian Dimitri told CNN.
"Screen grabs from the closed circuit footage showed two men crawling on the ground in the improvised aluminum suits, near the bank's main safe.
"When the bank's central monitoring system saw them on the screen, they called the police immediately.&&&
	&&&Flora Charner&&&The evolution of surfing&&&10 photos: The evolution of surfing This photo, taken in Honolulu around 1890, shows a man holding an alaia surfboard that was used for riding across gentle rolling waves. The image is just one of many vintage photos compiled by Jim Heimann for Taschen's photo book "Surfing." Hide Caption 1 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing George Freeth, left, surfs at Honolulu's Waikiki Beach around 1907. Freeth is often referred to as the "father of modern surfing." He insisted on riding upright rather than prone, angling across the wave rather than going straight in with the foam. Hide Caption 2 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing People with surfboards stand in front of a beach house in Joe Creek, Washington, around 1910. Surfing made its way to the Pacific Northwest via descendants of the Dole family of Hawaii, who built a sawmill and shingle factory near the Washington coast. They called it the Aloha Shake Company. Hide Caption 3 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing A surfer rides a wave at Waikiki Beach around 1914. Some of the sport's earliest forms trace back to ancient Polynesia in 2000 B.C. Hide Caption 4 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing This surfer was photographed by Tom Blake around 1932. Blake designed and built the first camera water housings to take close-up surfing photographs. He would wade out and stand on the shallow reef at Waikiki or take a canoe out to deeper water. A surfer himself, Blake had a natural eye for framing the wave and the rider in a way that caught the peak of action. Hide Caption 5 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing Jim Bailey rides a wave on California's Hermosa Beach circa 1936. Bailey was an outstanding Los Angeles County lifeguard and one of South Bay's best surfers. He was renowned for tandem surfing and taking his dog, Rusty, out for a ride. Hide Caption 6 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing Lifeguards walk on Sydney's Bondi Beach around 1938. As an island nation with more than 22,000 miles of coastline, Australia needed an army of surf-savvy lifeguards to look after its citizens. The Surf Life Saving movement began in 1907 as an all-volunteer service. Hide Caption 7 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing The first National Surfing Championship took place in Long Beach, California, in 1938. There were 144 entrees. Hide Caption 8 of 10

10 photos: The evolution of surfing Surfers in Makaha, Hawaii, circa 1939. Heimann's photo book focuses on surfing culture since 1778, taking viewers into the depths of the sport's rich and complex history. Hide Caption 9 of 10&&&Hide Caption 7 of 1010 photos: The evolution of surfing The first National Surfing Championship took place in Long Beach, California, in 1938.
" Hide Caption 1 of 1010 photos: The evolution of surfing George Freeth, left, surfs at Honolulu's Waikiki Beach around 1907.
Hide Caption 3 of 1010 photos: The evolution of surfing A surfer rides a wave at Waikiki Beach around 1914.
Hide Caption 8 of 1010 photos: The evolution of surfing Surfers in Makaha, Hawaii, circa 1939.
Hide Caption 4 of 1010 photos: The evolution of surfing This surfer was photographed by Tom Blake around 1932.&&&
The Spaces;Tomo Taka;&&&Tomo Taka&&&An illustrated guide to the history of architecture&&&Story highlights Illustrator Federico Babina has created a new series of images

Titled "Archistyle," it depicts how major design movements influenced architecture

This article was originally published by The Spaces, a digital publication exploring new ways to live and work.

(CNN) Do you have trouble telling the difference between Modernism and Metabolism? Can't decide if a building is Bauhaus or Brutalist?

Illustrator Federico Babina is on hand to help with his new 16-image series breaking down the major design movements of recent decades.

"Architecture changes with society, it follows society and sometimes guides it," he says. "It's easy to see the changes of society through the mutation of spaces we inhabit."

His latest "Archistyle" series -- following on from his superhero-design crossover in "Interheroes" -- depicts the architectural traits unique to each movement, from the modular structures of Metabolism to the zany shapes of Postmodernism.

Adds Babina: "Some simple geometry, the use of color, the mention of materials, typography and decorations are the ingredients that generate a composition which is a small tribute to architecture."&&&Illustrator Federico Babina is on hand to help with his new 16-image series breaking down the major design movements of recent decades.
"Architecture changes with society, it follows society and sometimes guides it," he says.
Adds Babina: "Some simple geometry, the use of color, the mention of materials, typography and decorations are the ingredients that generate a composition which is a small tribute to architecture.
"It's easy to see the changes of society through the mutation of spaces we inhabit.
Story highlights Illustrator Federico Babina has created a new series of imagesTitled "Archistyle," it depicts how major design movements influenced architectureThis article was originally published by The Spaces, a digital publication exploring new ways to live and work.&&&
Hope King;&&&Hope King&&&Intel to cut 12,000 jobs globally&&&Tech giant Intel will cut up to 12,000 people from its staff globally, or about 11% of its workforce, the company announced Tuesday.

As of the end of last year, Intel employed about 107,300 staff members.

Intel said most of the employees affected by the layoffs will be notified in the next 60 days, while some of the cuts may happen through mid-2017.

Intel (INTC, Tech30) is and has been the largest computer chipmaker in the world. The company bet heavily on the stability of the PC business years ago, and its microprocessors have dominated the PC industry.

But the company has failed to replicate that success across mobile devices that have now replaced traditional desktops and laptops.

Nearly 60% of Intel's sales and profits came from its microprocessor and chip business, which means that any changes to the PC business have a big impact on Intel's bottom line.

The company says it expects to save $750 million this year and $1.4 billion by the middle of next year from the job cuts and related expense reductions.

At the same time, Intel said it plans to invest more in "growing" areas of its business, such as convertible laptop-tablet devices, as well as gaming.

Intel also said it wants to invest more in its data center and Internet of Things businesses.

Shares of Intel were down about 3% on the report.

The company reported $13.7 billion in sales last quarter, up 7% from last year, and profits of $2 billion, up 3%.

Sales in Intel's microprocessor and chip division rose 2% to $7.5 billion over last year, but dipped 14% from last quarter.

The Internet of Things group reported 22% growth to $651 million, while the data center division logged a 9% increase to $4 billion.&&&Tech giant Intel will cut up to 12,000 people from its staff globally, or about 11% of its workforce, the company announced Tuesday.
The company bet heavily on the stability of the PC business years ago, and its microprocessors have dominated the PC industry.
The company reported $13.7 billion in sales last quarter, up 7% from last year, and profits of $2 billion, up 3%.
Nearly 60% of Intel's sales and profits came from its microprocessor and chip business, which means that any changes to the PC business have a big impact on Intel's bottom line.
As of the end of last year, Intel employed about 107,300 staff members.&&&
David Molko;&&&David Molko&&&Solar Impulse 2 plane takes off from Hawaii to California -- with no fuel&&&Story highlights "Nobody's done this before. There's no guidebook," director says

The flight's mission is to showcase the power of clean technology

(CNN) An experimental plane trying to fly around the world without a single drop of fuel took off from Hawaii on Thursday, resuming a journey that had stalled on the island of Oahu for almost 10 months.

The Solar Impulse 2, piloted by Swiss explorer and psychiatrist Bertrand Piccard, lifted off just before sunrise to cheers and applause.

It will head for the San Francisco Bay area, some 4,000 kilometers (2,500 miles) away. And because the plane travels at about the same speed as a car, the Hawaii-California leg will take about 62 hours to complete.

"It's a very stable weather window," Solar Impulse spokeswoman Alexandra Gindroz said.

That forecast will be a relief for Piccard and his business partner, Swiss engineer Andre Borschberg, who take turns flying the plane solo.

JUST WATCHED Solar Impulse 2 makes history Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Solar Impulse 2 makes history 01:49

Read More&&&JUST WATCHED Solar Impulse 2 makes history Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Solar Impulse 2 makes history 01:49Read More
"It's a very stable weather window," Solar Impulse spokeswoman Alexandra Gindroz said.
The Solar Impulse 2, piloted by Swiss explorer and psychiatrist Bertrand Piccard, lifted off just before sunrise to cheers and applause.
That forecast will be a relief for Piccard and his business partner, Swiss engineer Andre Borschberg, who take turns flying the plane solo.
And because the plane travels at about the same speed as a car, the Hawaii-California leg will take about 62 hours to complete.&&&
	&&&Hope King&&&Error&&&Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search&&&It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.&&&
	&&&Steve Miller&&&Kids helped catch suspects by doing this ...&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Kelli Johnson;&&&Kelli Johnson&&&Wasco man becomes U.S. citizen at 100-years-old&&&WASCO, Calif. - Ignacio Villegas Arellano, a Wasco resident, officially became a United States citizen yesterday.

"I'm happy that I can call this my home now," Arellano said.

He is surrounded by a lot of love, with 5 generations living in the Villegas household.

"I'm glad we're in a single place," added Arellano.

A native of Florencia, Zazatecas, Mexico, Arellano started traveling back and forth between Mexico and California when he was 45-years-old. Once more of his family members started making the U.S. home, he decided it was time to make America his permanent home too.

As of turning 100-years-old and becoming a naturalized citizen isn't enough, the family has even more good news to celebrate.

His wife, Maria de Guadalpe Correa de Villegas will also become a U.S. citizen next week at a slightly younger age of 94.

The couple will be married for 75 years in February 2017.

As far as Arellano's secret to longevity, he admits he doesn't take any medications. Instead, he relies on his go-to remedy, a shot of tequila.

"Buy a jug to forget the years," he joked.&&&WASCO, Calif. - Ignacio Villegas Arellano, a Wasco resident, officially became a United States citizen yesterday.
A native of Florencia, Zazatecas, Mexico, Arellano started traveling back and forth between Mexico and California when he was 45-years-old.
As of turning 100-years-old and becoming a naturalized citizen isn't enough, the family has even more good news to celebrate.
His wife, Maria de Guadalpe Correa de Villegas will also become a U.S. citizen next week at a slightly younger age of 94.
Once more of his family members started making the U.S. home, he decided it was time to make America his permanent home too.&&&
Sebastiaan Knoops;Don Melvin;Stephanie Busari;Nima Elbagir;&&&Nima Elbagir&&&Nigeria Senate demands update on missing girls after CNN video&&&Story highlights Security chiefs to report next week on efforts to rescue girls

CNN exclusively obtained a "proof-of-life" video of kidnapped schoolgirls

It renewed anger at authorities' failure to rescue girls -- two years on

Abuja, Nigeria (CNN) The Nigerian Senate demanded updates from the nation's security agencies on attempts to rescue girls abducted from the town of Chibok two years ago.

Lawmakers voted unanimously Friday to have leaders of security agencies brief the Senate on the efforts made to date.

The move follows the reporting by CNN of a proof-of-life video showing 15 of the girls.

"With the video and other things brought in, we need the security agents to brief us on what they have been able to achieve," Sen. Shehu Sani told CNN by phone Friday.

"We expect the security chiefs to speak to the Senate early next week," he said.

Read More&&&The move follows the reporting by CNN of a proof-of-life video showing 15 of the girls.
"We expect the security chiefs to speak to the Senate early next week," he said.
Lawmakers voted unanimously Friday to have leaders of security agencies brief the Senate on the efforts made to date.
Story highlights Security chiefs to report next week on efforts to rescue girlsCNN exclusively obtained a "proof-of-life" video of kidnapped schoolgirlsIt renewed anger at authorities' failure to rescue girls -- two years onAbuja, Nigeria (CNN) The Nigerian Senate demanded updates from the nation's security agencies on attempts to rescue girls abducted from the town of Chibok two years ago.
"With the video and other things brought in, we need the security agents to brief us on what they have been able to achieve," Sen. Shehu Sani told CNN by phone Friday.&&&
	&&&Nima Elbagir&&&Stunning new image of our galaxy&&&Astronomers using the APEX telescope have released one of the most detailed images of our galaxy to date. See the full image here&&&Astronomers using the APEX telescope have released one of the most detailed images of our galaxy to date.
See the full image here&&&
Shardae Neal;&&&Shardae Neal&&&HOT DOG! Firefighters Save German Shepherd From Burning House&&&Please enable Javascript to watch this video

ARLINGTON, Texas -- So, we all hate Mondays, but we'll throw you a bone and share a tale that's sure to cheer you up! It stars a German Shepherd named Zareck and the Arlington Fire Department.

Early Monday morning, firefighters responded to a house fire. The homeowners were able to escape, but 3-year-old Zareck was trapped inside!

Within minutes, firemen rescued the unconscious pup from the burning home, whipped out a doggy oxygen mask and started IV fluids!

Yeah, this pup won't be crossing the rainbow bridge anytime soon.

After the Arlington Fire Department shared Zareck's story of survival via Facebook, the likes and shares came in like a heat wave.

Now, this is one hot dog!&&&Within minutes, firemen rescued the unconscious pup from the burning home, whipped out a doggy oxygen mask and started IV fluids!
Yeah, this pup won't be crossing the rainbow bridge anytime soon.
It stars a German Shepherd named Zareck and the Arlington Fire Department.
After the Arlington Fire Department shared Zareck's story of survival via Facebook, the likes and shares came in like a heat wave.
Please enable Javascript to watch this videoARLINGTON, Texas -- So, we all hate Mondays, but we'll throw you a bone and share a tale that's sure to cheer you up!&&&
Holly Yan;Joel Williams;&&&Joel Williams&&&Somalia executes journalist turned Al-Shabaab terrorist&&&Story highlights Hassan Hanafi spied on fellow journalists and identified those with negative opinions of Al-Shabaab

After joining the terror group, Hanafi killed or helped kill journalists

He was promoted within Al-Shabaab and fought against Somali and African Union troops

(CNN) For years, Hassan Hanafi was a trusted source of news in Somalia. As the voice of Holy Quran Radio in Mogadishu, listeners across the capital tuned in to hear him report the latest political news.

But at some point, Hanafi turned his interest from journalism to terrorism -- and joined Al-Shabaab

He used his media connections to spy on and betray fellow journalists, identifying reporters with negative opinions of Al-Shabaab and facilitating assassinations. He even carried out assassinations himself, a military court ruled.

JUST WATCHED Why Al-Shabaab is a growing threat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why Al-Shabaab is a growing threat 01:37

Hanafi was convicted of murder and sentenced to death. On Monday, shortly before a firing squad executed him, Hanafi released a statement saying he wanted to die as a martyr.

"Today, I'm being killed in the way I chose, which was to die for the sake of Allah," he said. "I don't fear execution."

Read More&&&JUST WATCHED Why Al-Shabaab is a growing threat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why Al-Shabaab is a growing threat 01:37Hanafi was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
But at some point, Hanafi turned his interest from journalism to terrorism -- and joined Al-ShabaabHe used his media connections to spy on and betray fellow journalists, identifying reporters with negative opinions of Al-Shabaab and facilitating assassinations.
"Today, I'm being killed in the way I chose, which was to die for the sake of Allah," he said.
On Monday, shortly before a firing squad executed him, Hanafi released a statement saying he wanted to die as a martyr.
Story highlights Hassan Hanafi spied on fellow journalists and identified those with negative opinions of Al-ShabaabAfter joining the terror group, Hanafi killed or helped kill journalistsHe was promoted within Al-Shabaab and fought against Somali and African Union troops(CNN) For years, Hassan Hanafi was a trusted source of news in Somalia.&&&
	&&&Joel Williams&&&Cai Guo-Qiang: The artist who "paints" with explosives&&&Story highlights Chinese artist uses gunpowder as a medium to discuss contemporary social and political issues

He will often ignite the material in front of live audiences, with explosive results

CNN Style launches on Saturday April 9 at 1330 BST / 1430 CET on CNN International. All footage provided by Cai Studio, Studio 33.

(CNN) While other artists turn to the easel with paint or pastels, Cai Guo-Qiang prefers to make a statement with explosives.

Born in Quanzhou, China but based in New York, Cai has made a career from bending gunpowder to his will. His most well-known work arguably takes two divergent routes: aerial firework displays or vast gunpowder paintings made by detonating large trails of it on to paper, ignited live in front of a live audience. Transient or permanent, his oeuvre is always spectacular.

10 photos: "The Century with Mushroom Clouds: Project for the 20th Century" Nevada, 1996. Hide Caption 1 of 10 10 photos: "Elegy: Explosion Event for the Opening of Cai Guo-Qiang: The Ninth Wave", Shanghai, 2014. Hide Caption 2 of 10 10 photos: "Head On", 2006, displayed at Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, 2009. Hide Caption 3 of 10 10 photos: "Primeval Fireball: The Project for Projects", 1991. Hide Caption 4 of 10 10 photos: "One Night Stand: Explosion Event for Nuit Blanche", Paris, 2013. Hide Caption 5 of 10 10 photos: "The Ninth Wave", Shanghai, 2014. Hide Caption 6 of 10 10 photos: "Morning Glory", Yokohama Museum of Art, 2015. Hide Caption 7 of 10 10 photos: "Seasons of Life: Summer", Yokohama Museum of Art, 2015. Hide Caption 8 of 10 10 photos: "Venice's Rent Collection Courtyard", Deposito Polveri, Arsenale, Venice Biennale, 1999. Hide Caption 9 of 10 10 photos: "Seasons of Life: Winter", Yokohama Museum of Art, 2015. Hide Caption 10 of 10

"The most powerful artwork is when there's fear," says Cai, speaking from Qatar where he has curated an exhibition of Chinese artists , commissioned by Sheikha Al Mayassa.

When it comes to explosions, he hasn't always been in such control. Cai says he owes a debt to his grandmother, who came to the rescue during his first experiments with gunpowder. "Once I ignited the fire [and] the entire canvas lit up," he recalls. "She just put a rug in the living room over the fire. From a young age I've learned a lot from her." He says his next piece will be dedicated to her.

Read More&&&Hide Caption 1 of 10 10 photos: "Elegy: Explosion Event for the Opening of Cai Guo-Qiang: The Ninth Wave", Shanghai, 2014.
(CNN) While other artists turn to the easel with paint or pastels, Cai Guo-Qiang prefers to make a statement with explosives.
Hide Caption 9 of 10 10 photos: "Seasons of Life: Winter", Yokohama Museum of Art, 2015.
Hide Caption 7 of 10 10 photos: "Seasons of Life: Summer", Yokohama Museum of Art, 2015.
Hide Caption 6 of 10 10 photos: "Morning Glory", Yokohama Museum of Art, 2015.&&&
	&&&Joel Williams&&&Do bats hold the key to stopping viruses?&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Ralph Ellis;&&&Ralph Ellis&&&Astronomers may have found most powrful supernova&&&36 photos: Wonders of the universe On April 19, NASA released new images of bright craters on Ceres. This photo shows the Haulani Crater, which has evidence of landslides from its rim. Scientists believe some craters on the dwarf planet are bright because they are relatively new. Click through to see more wonders of the universe. Hide Caption 1 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This illustration shows the millions of dust grains NASA's Cassini spacecraft has sampled near Saturn. A few dozen of them appear to have come from beyond our solar system. Hide Caption 2 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This image from the VLT Survey Telescope at ESO's Paranal Observatory in Chile shows a stunning concentration of galaxies known as the Fornax Cluster, which can be found in the Southern Hemisphere. At the center of this cluster, in the middle of the three bright blobs on the left side of the image, lies a cD galaxy -- a galactic cannibal that has grown in size by consuming smaller galaxies. Hide Caption 3 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, using infrared technology, reveals the density of stars in the Milky Way . According to NASA, the photo -- stitched together from nine images -- contains more than a half-million stars. The star cluster is the densest in the galaxy. Hide Caption 4 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This image shows the central region of the Tarantula Nebula in the Large Magellanic Cloud. The young and dense star cluster R136, which contains hundreds of massive stars, is visible in the lower right of the image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope. Hide Caption 5 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe In March 2016, astronomers published a paper on powerful red flashes coming from binary system V404 Cygni in 2015. This illustration shows a black hole, similar to the one in V404 Cygni, devouring material from an orbiting star. Hide Caption 6 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe new map of the Milky Way was released February 24, 2016, giving astronomers a full census of the star-forming regions within our own galaxy. The APEX telescope in Chile captured this survey. Hide Caption 7 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This image shows the elliptical galaxy NGC 4889, deeply embedded within the Coma galaxy cluster. There is a gigantic supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy. Hide Caption 8 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe An artist's impression of 2MASS J2126, which takens 900,000 years to orbit its star, 1 trillion kilometers away. Hide Caption 9 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Caltech researchers have found evidence of a giant planet tracing a bizarre, highly elongated orbit in the outer solar system. The object, nicknamed Planet Nine, has a mass about 10 times that of Earth and orbits about 20 times farther from the sun on average than does Neptune. Hide Caption 10 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe An international team of astronomers may have discovered the biggest and brightest supernova ever. The explosion was 570 billion times brighter than the sun and 20 times brighter than all the stars in the Milky Way galaxy combined, according to a statement from The Ohio State University, which is leading the study. Scientists are straining to define the supernova's strength. This image shows an artist's impression of the supernova as it would appear from an exoplanet located about 10,000 light years away. Hide Caption 11 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Astronomers noticed huge waves of gas being "burped" by the black hole at the center of NGC 5195, a small galaxy 26 million light years from Earth. The team believes the outburst is a consequence of the interaction of NGC 5195 with a nearby galaxy. Hide Caption 12 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe An artist's illustration shows a binary black hole found in the quasar at the center of the Markarian 231 galaxy. Astronomers using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope discovered the galaxy being powered by two black holes "furiously whirling about each other," the space agency said in a news release. Hide Caption 13 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe An artist's impression of what a black hole might look like. In February, researchers in China said they had spotted a super-massive black hole 12 billion times the size of the sun. Hide Caption 14 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Are there are oceans on any of Jupiter's moons? The Juice probe shown in this artist's impression aims to find out. Picture courtesy of ESA/AOES Hide Caption 15 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Astronomers have discovered powerful auroras on a brown dwarf that is 20 light-years away. This is an artist's concept of the phenomenon. Hide Caption 16 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Venus, bottom, and Jupiter shine brightly above Matthews, North Carolina, on Monday, June 29. The apparent close encounter, called a conjunction, has been giving a dazzling display in the summer sky. Although the two planets appear to be close together, in reality they are millions of miles apart. Hide Caption 17 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Jupiter's icy moon Europa may be the best place in the solar system to look for extraterrestrial life, according to NASA. The moon is about the size of Earth's moon, and there is evidence it has an ocean beneath its frozen crust that may hold twice as much water as Earth. NASA's 2016 budget includes a request for $30 million to plan a mission to investigate Europa. The image above was taken by the Galileo spacecraft on November 25, 1999. It's a 12-frame mosaic and is considered the the best image yet of the side of Europa that faces Jupiter. Hide Caption 18 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This nebula, or cloud of gas and dust, is called RCW 34 or Gum 19. The brightest areas you can see are where the gas is being heated by young stars. Eventually the gas burst outward like champagne after a bottle is uncorked. Scientists call this champagne flow. This new image of the nebula was captured by the European Space Organization's Very Large Telescope in Chile. RCW 34 is in the constellation Vela in the southern sky. The name means "sails of a ship" in Latin. Hide Caption 19 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe The Hubble Space Telescope captured images of Jupiter's three great moons -- Io, Callisto, and Europa -- passing by at once. Hide Caption 20 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe A massive galaxy cluster known as SDSS J1038+4849 looks like a smiley face in an image captured by the Hubble Telescope. The two glowing eyes are actually two distant galaxies. And what of the smile and the round face? That's a result of what astronomers call "strong gravitational lensing." That happens because the gravitational pull between the two galaxy clusters is so strong it distorts time and space around them. Hide Caption 21 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Using powerful optics, astronomers have found a planet-like body, J1407b, with rings 200 times the size of Saturn's. This is an artist's depiction of the rings of planet J1407b, which are eclipsing a star. Hide Caption 22 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe A patch of stars appears to be missing in this image from the La Silla Observatory in Chile. But the stars are actually still there behind a cloud of gas and dust called Lynds Dark Nebula 483. The cloud is about 700 light years from Earth in the constellation Serpens (The Serpent). Hide Caption 23 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This is the largest Hubble Space Telescope image ever assembled. It's a portion of the galaxy next door, Andromeda (M31). Hide Caption 24 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe NASA has captured a stunning new image of the so-called "Pillars of Creation," one of the space agency's most iconic discoveries. The giant columns of cold gas, in a small region of the Eagle Nebula, were popularized by a similar image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in 1995. Hide Caption 25 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Astronomers using the Hubble Space pieced together this picture that shows a small section of space in the southern-hemisphere constellation Fornax. Within this deep-space image are 10,000 galaxies, going back in time as far as a few hundred million years after the Big Bang. Hide Caption 26 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Planetary nebula Abell 33 appears ring-like in this image, taken using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope. The blue bubble was created when an aging star shed its outer layers and a star in the foreground happened to align with it to create a "diamond engagement ring" effect. Hide Caption 27 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe This long-exposure image from the Hubble Telescope is the deepest-ever picture taken of a cluster of galaxies. The cluster, called Abell 2744, contains several hundred galaxies as they looked 3.5 billion years ago; the more distant galaxies appear as they did more than 12 billion years ago, not long after the Big Bang. Hide Caption 28 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe NASA's NuSTAR telescope array generated the first map of radioactivity in the remnants of an exploding star, or supernova. Blue in this image of Cassiopeia A represents radioactive material. Hide Caption 29 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe A supernova was spotted on January 21 in Messier 82, one of the nearest big galaxies. This wide view image was taken on January 22. Hide Caption 30 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe The M82 supernova, seen here, has been designated SN2014J because it is the 10th supernova detected in 2014. At 11.4 million light years from Earth, it is the closest Type Ia supernova recorded since systematic studies with telescopes began in the 1930s. Hide Caption 31 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Is that a giant hand waving at us? Actually, it's what's left of a star that died and exploded a long time ago. Astronomers nicknamed it the "Hand of God." NASA's Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array, or NuSTAR , took this image in high-energy X-rays, shown in blue. The image was combined with images from another space telescope, the Chandra X-ray Observatory. Hide Caption 32 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe The Hubble Space Telescope captured this image of the Southern Pinwheel Galaxy, one of the largest and closest galaxies of its kind. The center of the galaxy is mysterious , researchers say, because it has a double nucleus -- a supermassive black hole that may be ringed by a lopsided disc of stars, giving it the appearance of a dual core. Hide Caption 33 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Hubble scientists say this is the best-ever view of the Tarantula Nebula, which is located in one of our closest galactic neighbors, the Large Magellanic Cloud. Hide Caption 34 of 36

36 photos: Wonders of the universe Those spots on our sun appear small, but even a moderate-sized spot is about as big as Earth . They occur when strong magnetic fields poke through the sun's surface and let the area cool in comparison to the surrounding area. Hide Caption 35 of 36&&&Hide Caption 10 of 3636 photos: Wonders of the universe An international team of astronomers may have discovered the biggest and brightest supernova ever.
Hide Caption 30 of 3636 photos: Wonders of the universe The M82 supernova, seen here, has been designated SN2014J because it is the 10th supernova detected in 2014.
Hide Caption 5 of 3636 photos: Wonders of the universe In March 2016, astronomers published a paper on powerful red flashes coming from binary system V404 Cygni in 2015.
Hide Caption 29 of 3636 photos: Wonders of the universe A supernova was spotted on January 21 in Messier 82, one of the nearest big galaxies.
Picture courtesy of ESA/AOES Hide Caption 15 of 3636 photos: Wonders of the universe Astronomers have discovered powerful auroras on a brown dwarf that is 20 light-years away.&&&
Chieu Luu;&&&Chieu Luu&&&Chinese police: 45 Taiwanese confess to alleged telecom fraud scheme&&&Hong Kong (CNN) Chinese officials say that 45 Taiwanese citizens who were deported from Kenya to mainland China this month have confessed to being part of a telecoms fraud syndicate and will face trial.

"They have confessed," said Chen Shiqu, deputy inspector with the criminal investigation bureau of China's Ministry of Public Security.

A Taiwanese official said Friday that the two parties will jointly investigate the case before negotiating how the Taiwanese suspects will be prosecuted, according to Taiwan's Central News Agency.

'Fraud ring'

JUST WATCHED Taiwan accuses China of 'extrajudicial abduction' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Taiwan accuses China of 'extrajudicial abduction' 02:15

The Taiwanese men and 32 suspects from mainland China were sent to Beijing from Kenya amid protests from Taiwan's government.

Beijing accuses them of being part of an elaborate scheme in which fraudsters posed as law enforcement officials to extort money from residents in mainland China, despite their being acquitted by a Kenyan court of those charges.

In one case, reported by China's state-run news agency Xinhua on Friday, one person was cheated out of $18.1 million. Other victims included migrant workers, teachers, students and elderly people, the report said. It added some of the victims committed suicide because of the money they lost.

The suspects come from two different fraud syndicates, according to Xinhua. Kenyan police arrested the first batch on November 29, 2014 and the second batch was apprehended on April 8.

"The suspects specifically targeted people on the Chinese mainland and their victims are from the mainland. Not to mention that many of the suspects are themselves from the mainland," Chen Shiqu said.

"They will thus be investigated, prosecuted and tried in accordance with mainland law."

However, Chen Wen-chi, Director General of Taiwan's Department of International and Cross-Strait Legal Affairs, seemed to contradict this, telling Taiwan's Central News Agency that "the issue of how to prosecute the suspects is being put on hold for later negotiations."

A Taiwanese official did not immediately respond to a request for comment on how the prosecution was being handled.

International incident

JUST WATCHED 'One China,' explained Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'One China,' explained 02:20

Kenya does not recognize Taiwan -- officially the Republic of China -- nor does it maintain diplomatic relations with Taipei.

Beijing regards Taiwan as part of its territory despite the island running its own separate political, economic, foreign policy and judicial system. China has praised Kenya for its decision to send the suspects to the mainland.

When the men were first sent to China, Taiwan called their citizens' deportation a "gross violation of basic human rights." A delegation from Taiwan is in Beijing to address the issue with Mainland officials.

Xinhua reports the Taiwan delegation were allowed to visit the suspects at the detention center where they're being held Thursday and that all were in good condition.&&&When the men were first sent to China, Taiwan called their citizens' deportation a "gross violation of basic human rights.
A Taiwanese official said Friday that the two parties will jointly investigate the case before negotiating how the Taiwanese suspects will be prosecuted, according to Taiwan's Central News Agency.
Hong Kong (CNN) Chinese officials say that 45 Taiwanese citizens who were deported from Kenya to mainland China this month have confessed to being part of a telecoms fraud syndicate and will face trial.
Not to mention that many of the suspects are themselves from the mainland," Chen Shiqu said.
'Fraud ring'JUST WATCHED Taiwan accuses China of 'extrajudicial abduction' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Taiwan accuses China of 'extrajudicial abduction' 02:15The Taiwanese men and 32 suspects from mainland China were sent to Beijing from Kenya amid protests from Taiwan's government.&&&
	&&&Sophie Eastaugh&&&8 Travel Tips for Kids with Severe Food Allergies&&&We'd like your feedback.

Thank you for visiting the Treatment Options for Severe Allergies Health Center! You have been randomly selected to participate in a customer satisfaction survey to let us know how we can improve your website experience.

The survey is designed to measure your entire experience and will appear at the end of your visit.&&&You have been randomly selected to participate in a customer satisfaction survey to let us know how we can improve your website experience.
Thank you for visiting the Treatment Options for Severe Allergies Health Center!
The survey is designed to measure your entire experience and will appear at the end of your visit.
We'd like your feedback.&&&
Todd Leopold;&&&Todd Leopold&&&Bob Dylan, in the beginning&&&9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Today Bob Dylan is one of the most renowned figures in pop-music history -- a groundbreaking songwriter, a much-honored talent, an inscrutable persona. But in 1961 he was just a 19-year-old kid from Minnesota scrambling to make a living in New York's folk clubs. In September 1961, he posed for a portrait with his Gibson acoustic guitar -- around the time that Columbia Records scout John Hammond first met him at a rehearsal. Hammond signed Dylan at the end of September. Dylan's first album was six months away. Hide Caption 1 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning That first record, 1962's "Bob Dylan," didn't sell much, but the young performer was already earning a reputation among musicians as a powerful talent. Dylan soaked up the hothouse atmosphere, learning classics and reshaping them in his image -- an image he was always aware of, even in the early days. Hide Caption 2 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning In 1963, Dylan got the call performers dreamed about: an appearance on "The Ed Sullivan Show," one of the most popular TV shows in the country. (A year later, Sullivan would introduce the Beatles.) At rehearsals, shown here, Dylan performed "Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues." But some CBS brass, worried about controversy over the song's mockery of the right-wing John Birch Society, were nervous, and Dylan declined to perform something else. He never did appear on "Sullivan." Hide Caption 3 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Suddenly, Dylan became a name. He performed at the 1963 March on Washington; his song "Blowin' in the Wind" was covered by Peter, Paul & Mary and became a Top Five hit. He was in demand. He started retreating to Woodstock, New York, a haven for artists since the early 20th century and where his manager, Albert Grossman, had a home. Dylan is pictured here on a Triumph motorcycle behind the town's Cafe Espresso in 1964. Hide Caption 4 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Dylan's early work was in more traditional folk and protest veins, but he started looking inward with 1964's "Another Side of Bob Dylan." His lyrics, in particular, became more imagistic. In early 1965, he started work on a new album, "Bringing It All Back Home." In some cases, the songs were accompanied by a full rock band. Dylan is shown here at the beginning of the "Back Home" sessions with guitarist Kenny Rankin, left, and other musicians at Columbia's Studio A in New York. Hide Caption 5 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Electric Bob might not have thrilled his old folk fans, but it gave him a whole new audience -- one that took his 1965 song "Like a Rolling Stone" to No. 2 on the pop charts. In April 1966, Dylan embarked on a European tour that saw him visit Sweden, Denmark, France, Ireland and Great Britain. The dates were sometimes contentious. Hide Caption 6 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Many of the concerts were raucous affairs, with audience members yelling at Dylan and Dylan yelling back. (The Manchester, England, show was captured on "Live 1966: The 'Royal Albert Hall' Concert.") Dylan left for France on May 22; this photo shows him arriving at Le Bourget Airport in Paris. Hide Caption 7 of 9

9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Dylan performs at Paris' Olympia theater on May 24, 1966, his 25th birthday. He followed the Paris show with two shows in London. They would be the last live concerts he would do until he re-emerged at Britain's Isle of Wight Festival in 1969. Hide Caption 8 of 9&&&9 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Today Bob Dylan is one of the most renowned figures in pop-music history -- a groundbreaking songwriter, a much-honored talent, an inscrutable persona.
Hide Caption 6 of 99 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Many of the concerts were raucous affairs, with audience members yelling at Dylan and Dylan yelling back.
Hide Caption 7 of 99 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Dylan performs at Paris' Olympia theater on May 24, 1966, his 25th birthday.
" Hide Caption 3 of 99 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning Suddenly, Dylan became a name.
Hide Caption 1 of 99 photos: Bob Dylan, in the beginning That first record, 1962's "Bob Dylan," didn't sell much, but the young performer was already earning a reputation among musicians as a powerful talent.&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&Hollywood reboots, past and present&&&21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Fox brought back one of its most popular series ever, "The X-Files," in January 2016. It's just one of many properties Hollywood has sought to reboot in recent years. Hide Caption 1 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present The classic sci-fi series "Lost in Space," which ran from 1965 to 1968, is reportedly getting a reboot from Netflix. Hide Caption 2 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Director Christopher Nolan made a splash with the 2000 film "Memento," which told the story in reverse order about a man with no long-term memory. A remake of the movie was announced on November 16. Hide Caption 3 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Chloe Grace Moretz was cast in Universal's new version of "The Little Mermaid," which may not bear much resemblance to the 1989 animated Disney movie. Hide Caption 4 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Sony Pictures announced a remake of the 1995 special effects spectacular "Jumanji." Hide Caption 5 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present The action/conspiracy-obsessed series "Prison Break" is the latest series getting a revival at Fox, reuniting Wentworth Miller, left, and Dominic Purcell. Hide Caption 6 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Get ready for another round of rocking church music, as Disney plans to reboot the 1992 hit "Sister Act." Hide Caption 7 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present The '80s cartoon "Jem and the Holograms" is making the jump to live action and the big screen in October. Hide Caption 8 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "Heroes" was a massive hit for NBC several years ago (its popularity declining in subsequent seasons), and the network hopes "Heroes Reborn" can replicate that in the fall. Hide Caption 9 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Netflix revived "Arrested Development" in 2013, years after the show had three seasons on Fox. Hide Caption 10 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Dwayne Johnson will reportedly take Kurt Russell's role in a new "Big Trouble in Little China." Hide Caption 11 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "The Mummy" was a blockbuster in 1999, and Universal Pictures wants to try it again. Hide Caption 12 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "Alien Nation" was a cult movie that became a cult TV series, and plans are in the works for a new movie. Hide Caption 14 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present The TV adaptation of Stephen King's "It" frightened audiences in 1990, and it's coming to the big screen in two parts. Hide Caption 15 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "Green Lantern" didn't exactly thrill fans in 2011, but Warner Bros. will reboot the character in 2020. Hide Caption 16 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present A third version of "Spider-Man" is coming soon from Marvel Studios, this time with a much younger actor in the lead. Hide Caption 17 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Henry Cavill brings "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." to the big screen, based on the 1960s spy TV series, in August. Hide Caption 18 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Ben Affleck will portray the latest Batman in "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice," set for release in March. Hide Caption 19 of 21

21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "Point Break" is a cult classic, and the trailer for the upcoming remake drew mixed reviews. Hide Caption 20 of 21&&&Hide Caption 17 of 2121 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Henry Cavill brings "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
21 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Fox brought back one of its most popular series ever, "The X-Files," in January 2016.
Hide Caption 4 of 2121 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present Sony Pictures announced a remake of the 1995 special effects spectacular "Jumanji.
Hide Caption 19 of 2121 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "Point Break" is a cult classic, and the trailer for the upcoming remake drew mixed reviews.
" Hide Caption 11 of 2121 photos: Hollywood reboots, past and present "The Mummy" was a blockbuster in 1999, and Universal Pictures wants to try it again.&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&A brave new world in robot technology&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&Bloodied and half-naked: The best Shakespeare posters&&&Story highlights "Presenting Shakespeare" showcases 1,100 outstanding posters from 55 countries

April 23 marks 400 years since the death of the Bard

(CNN) Four hundred years after his death, William Shakespeare is the most performed playwright in history.

And just as long as the Bard has inspired theater companies to bring his works to the stage, he has moved visionary designers and artists to create bold and memorable posters to advertise them.

Presenting Shakespeare ," a recent release from Princeton Architectural Press, shines a light on these artists, bringing together 1,100 posters from 55 countries.

Director Juliet Taymor writes in the book's introduction: "Like the director and the stage designer, the poster artist searches for emblematic clues in Shakespeare's poetry, from its fantastical and graphic imagery presented in both word and action, and also from the overarching political, psychological, and philosophical themes of the play."

Read More&&&Presenting Shakespeare ," a recent release from Princeton Architectural Press, shines a light on these artists, bringing together 1,100 posters from 55 countries.
Story highlights "Presenting Shakespeare" showcases 1,100 outstanding posters from 55 countriesApril 23 marks 400 years since the death of the Bard(CNN) Four hundred years after his death, William Shakespeare is the most performed playwright in history.
And just as long as the Bard has inspired theater companies to bring his works to the stage, he has moved visionary designers and artists to create bold and memorable posters to advertise them.
"Read More
Director Juliet Taymor writes in the book's introduction: "Like the director and the stage designer, the poster artist searches for emblematic clues in Shakespeare's poetry, from its fantastical and graphic imagery presented in both word and action, and also from the overarching political, psychological, and philosophical themes of the play.&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&Watch mini-Messi score stunning goal&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
	&&&Todd Leopold&&&60-Second Vacation: Nairobi, Kenya&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
Bryony Jones;&&&Bryony Jones&&&William Shakespeare quiz: How well do you know the bard?&&&How to offend your friends, Shakespeare style, with our Shakespearean Insult-O-Meter.&&&How to offend your friends, Shakespeare style, with our Shakespearean Insult-O-Meter.&&&
	&&&Cleveland Digital Team&&&The Hunt with John Walsh&&&Wanted for murder, child abuse and fraud. Where are they? For fugitives on the run, time is running out. #JoinTheHunt&&&Wanted for murder, child abuse and fraud.
#JoinTheHunt
For fugitives on the run, time is running out.
Where are they?&&&
	&&&Cleveland Digital Team&&&Serena Williams: Would she have ruled in the 1990s?&&&Story highlights Serena Williams aiming for 22nd grand slam title at 2016 French Open

Williams closing in on record of Steffi Graf

At her best, Williams "impossible" to beat, says Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario

But four-time grand slam winner bemoans lack of competition

(CNN) Serena Williams has won 21 grand slams, is the undisputed No.1 women's tennis player on the planet and has dominated the sport for years -- so is winning one of four main tournaments easier than it used to be?

Only Steffi Graf has won more grand slams in the modern era than Williams with the German claiming 22 during her illustrious career, but one former tennis great believes that Serena wouldn't have had it all her own way in the 1990s.

"When Serena is at the top, it's impossible -- nobody can stop her," four-time grand slam winner Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario told CNN's Open Court show. "You can see the clear domination and I think, for me, and our era, that was impossible.

"The winner at every tournament had to beat three or four of the top players to win the tournament -- now this isn't happening."

Read More&&&"When Serena is at the top, it's impossible -- nobody can stop her," four-time grand slam winner Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario told CNN's Open Court show.
Only Steffi Graf has won more grand slams in the modern era than Williams with the German claiming 22 during her illustrious career, but one former tennis great believes that Serena wouldn't have had it all her own way in the 1990s.
Story highlights Serena Williams aiming for 22nd grand slam title at 2016 French OpenWilliams closing in on record of Steffi GrafAt her best, Williams "impossible" to beat, says Arantxa Sanchez-VicarioBut four-time grand slam winner bemoans lack of competition(CNN) Serena Williams has won 21 grand slams, is the undisputed No.1 women's tennis player on the planet and has dominated the sport for years -- so is winning one of four main tournaments easier than it used to be?
"The winner at every tournament had to beat three or four of the top players to win the tournament -- now this isn't happening.
"You can see the clear domination and I think, for me, and our era, that was impossible.&&&
Emanuella Grinberg;&&&Emanuella Grinberg&&&Apple updates Siri's response to rape&&&Story highlights Study found smartphone responses to questions about rape were "insufficient"

Apple is the first smartphone maker to update its digital assistant's response

(CNN) Apple has updated Siri's response to statements such as "I was raped" after research found the digital assistant's responses were "insufficient."

recent study published in JAMA Internal Medicine compared responses to questions about mental health, interpersonal violence and physical health from four conversational agents: Apple's Siri, Samsung's S Voice, Google Now and Microsoft's Cortana.

The answers were inconsistent and incomplete, especially when it came to rape and domestic violence, the study's authors concluded. Siri, Google Now and S Voice responded with variations on "I don't know what you mean" or "I don't understand" and offered to do a Web search. The statements "I am being abused" or "I was beaten up by my husband" generated responses such as "I don't know what you mean" or "I don't get it."

The study's authors said they have been in touch with all four companies on how to improve the responses. Experts recommend validating the person's feelings and pointing the person to resources while leaving it up to him or her on what to do next.

Now, Siri responds with a link to the National Sexual Assault Hotline . A Twitter user pointed out the update to CNN on Tuesday. An Apple representative confirmed the changes have been in place since March 17.

Read More&&&The answers were inconsistent and incomplete, especially when it came to rape and domestic violence, the study's authors concluded.
Story highlights Study found smartphone responses to questions about rape were "insufficient"Apple is the first smartphone maker to update its digital assistant's response(CNN) Apple has updated Siri's response to statements such as "I was raped" after research found the digital assistant's responses were "insufficient.
"The study's authors said they have been in touch with all four companies on how to improve the responses.
An Apple representative confirmed the changes have been in place since March 17.
Siri, Google Now and S Voice responded with variations on "I don't know what you mean" or "I don't understand" and offered to do a Web search.&&&
	&&&Emanuella Grinberg&&&Who's the man lurking in these photos?&&&In every photo, he's there. A man in a hat, looming. It's the common theme throughout "Predator," a photo book curated by French collector Jean-Marie Donat.The man, of course, is different each time. And he's not really a predator. It's just the amateur photographer behind the lens. These photos come from all over the world, from as far back as the 1920s. "The hat becomes the narrative thread of the entire series," Donat told Anne-Frederique Fer in a recent interview for the France Fine Art Gallery. "We forget the status of the photographer and we think more of a third party who is evil or who you could relate to the main character of the 1930 horror movie 'M' or a hunter."&&&It's the common theme throughout "Predator," a photo book curated by French collector Jean-Marie Donat.The man, of course, is different each time.
A man in a hat, looming.
These photos come from all over the world, from as far back as the 1920s.
"The hat becomes the narrative thread of the entire series," Donat told Anne-Frederique Fer in a recent interview for the France Fine Art Gallery.
And he's not really a predator.&&&
	&&&Emanuella Grinberg&&&2016 presidential candidates finally agree on something&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&To explore the falls of Damajagua, you have to jump in&&&
	&&&Local Businesses To Become More Autism-friendly Wfla Com&&&How to make the most coveted glass in the world&&&Twisting molten syrup into spectacular crystal

The glassmakers of 14th century Venice had it pretty good. Unlike ordinary residents, they could walk around with swords in public (major status symbol), were completely immune from state prosecution and their daughters were invited to marry blue-blooded Venetian nobility.But they were also treated as if at the mercy of a jealous lover: never allowed to leave the confines of the Republic and prohibited -- at pain of death -- from sharing even the most trivial trade secrets beyond the city walls. It was what you might call a passionate relationship, and one that reflects just how central glassmaking was to Venice's economy and reputation. Fast-forward to the present and the craft still thrives in Murano -- a row of tiny islands strung together by bridges in the Venetian lagoon. Here, tucked away in quiet workshops thick with an air of deep concentration, furnaces burn at over 1300 degrees Celsius as today's master glassmakers (or "maestros") twist, roll and artfully prod a syrupy molten gloop into unspeakably elegant forms. Watch the video above to see the maestros at work.

Source: CNN&&&Twisting molten syrup into spectacular crystalThe glassmakers of 14th century Venice had it pretty good.
Watch the video above to see the maestros at work.
It was what you might call a passionate relationship, and one that reflects just how central glassmaking was to Venice's economy and reputation.
Fast-forward to the present and the craft still thrives in Murano -- a row of tiny islands strung together by bridges in the Venetian lagoon.
Here, tucked away in quiet workshops thick with an air of deep concentration, furnaces burn at over 1300 degrees Celsius as today's master glassmakers (or "maestros") twist, roll and artfully prod a syrupy molten gloop into unspeakably elegant forms.&&&
Tim Hume;Oren Liebermann;&&&Oren Liebermann&&&Israel will never return Golan Heights, Benjamin Netanyahu says&&&Story highlights Israel holds first ever Cabinet meeting in Golan Heights

The militarily strategic territory was seized from Syria in 1967 war

The international community views Golan Heights as occupied territory

Jerusalem (CNN) Israel's Prime Minister has declared that the Golan Heights will remain permanently under the country's control, during Israel's first Cabinet meeting held in the territory.

"The time has come for the international community to recognize reality, especially two basic facts," said Benjamin Netanyahu during a Cabinet meeting Sunday.

"One, whatever is beyond the border, the boundary itself will not change. Two, after 50 years, the time has come for the international community to finally recognize that the Golan Heights will remain under Israel's sovereignty permanently."

JUST WATCHED Israeli Druze minority caught in Syria war Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Israeli Druze minority caught in Syria war 02:07

Israel seized parts of the Golan Heights, a strategic, rocky plateau to its northeast, from Syria in the 1967 Six Day War.

Syria unsuccessfully attempted to retake it during the 1973 Yom Kippur War, before Israel annexed the region in 1981 by extending its laws over the territory and its occupants.

Read More&&&"The time has come for the international community to recognize reality, especially two basic facts," said Benjamin Netanyahu during a Cabinet meeting Sunday.
Two, after 50 years, the time has come for the international community to finally recognize that the Golan Heights will remain under Israel's sovereignty permanently.
Story highlights Israel holds first ever Cabinet meeting in Golan HeightsThe militarily strategic territory was seized from Syria in 1967 warThe international community views Golan Heights as occupied territoryJerusalem (CNN) Israel's Prime Minister has declared that the Golan Heights will remain permanently under the country's control, during Israel's first Cabinet meeting held in the territory.
"JUST WATCHED Israeli Druze minority caught in Syria war Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Israeli Druze minority caught in Syria war 02:07Israel seized parts of the Golan Heights, a strategic, rocky plateau to its northeast, from Syria in the 1967 Six Day War.
Syria unsuccessfully attempted to retake it during the 1973 Yom Kippur War, before Israel annexed the region in 1981 by extending its laws over the territory and its occupants.&&&
	&&&Oren Liebermann&&&Novak Djokovic claims sixth Miami crown&&&Story highlights Novak Djokovic wins sixth Miami Open title

Serb defeats Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-3 6-3 in final

(CNN) Novak Djokovic eased past Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-3 to claim a record-equaling sixth Miami Open crown and become the all-time leading prize-money earner in tennis.

The world No. 1 earned $1,028,300 for his final defeat of the Japanese star, taking his total career prize money to $98.2 million -- surpassing Roger Federer's $97.9 million.

The Serb took just an hour and 26 minutes to see off his Japanese opponent at the Crandon Park Tennis Center Sunday. In doing so, he matched Andre Agassi's impressive haul of tournament victories at the prestigious Masters 1000 event.

Djokovic's first Miami title arrived in 2007, and he won it again in 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015.

"I have a very special connection to this tournament," Djokovic said on court as he picked up his winner's check, edging his career prize-winnings above those of Federer.

Read More&&&Story highlights Novak Djokovic wins sixth Miami Open titleSerb defeats Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-3 6-3 in final(CNN) Novak Djokovic eased past Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-3 to claim a record-equaling sixth Miami Open crown and become the all-time leading prize-money earner in tennis.
"I have a very special connection to this tournament," Djokovic said on court as he picked up his winner's check, edging his career prize-winnings above those of Federer.
Djokovic's first Miami title arrived in 2007, and he won it again in 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015.
In doing so, he matched Andre Agassi's impressive haul of tournament victories at the prestigious Masters 1000 event.
The Serb took just an hour and 26 minutes to see off his Japanese opponent at the Crandon Park Tennis Center Sunday.&&&
	&&&Oren Liebermann&&&This man spent a fortune on cheese. Here's why:&&&(CNN) It's fitting that Phillip Wilton's name rhymes with Stilton. He is, after-all, a cheese obsessive.

As the founder of Wildes Cheese , an award-winning micro-dairy in North London, that's no bad thing.

"I've always been passionate about cheese. I've eaten cheese all over. I've spent far too much money on it," he admits.

Wilton adds some levity to his business, giving his cheeses quirky names, like, "the smelly one" and "the drunk."

Before he "saw the light and became a cheese monger," he worked as a management consultant. Since leaving his former life, he hasn't looked back.

Read More&&&I've spent far too much money on it," he admits.
As the founder of Wildes Cheese , an award-winning micro-dairy in North London, that's no bad thing.
"Before he "saw the light and became a cheese monger," he worked as a management consultant.
I've eaten cheese all over.
Wilton adds some levity to his business, giving his cheeses quirky names, like, "the smelly one" and "the drunk.&&&
Jill Martin;Steve Almasy;&&&Steve Almasy&&&Golden State Warriors win record 73rd game&&&For updates, stories, video and features about the NBA playoffs, go to cnn.com/nba

The Warriors drubbed the Memphis Grizzlies 125-104 to become the all-time winningest team for one season, besting the 1995-96 Chicago Bulls by one victory.

"It's a great way to finish off what was an amazing regular season. I just told our guys I never in a million years would have guessed that record would ever be broken," said Warriors head coach Steve Kerr, who played on the Bulls' record-setting team.

Shooting guard Klay Thompson said the team played hard every contest.

"That's hard to do for 82 games," he said. "We're going to enjoy this tonight, but we have a quick turnaround this weekend."

The Warriors are now 16 victories away from more glory as they are set to defend their NBA title in this year's playoffs. The top seed is theirs, assuring home-court advantage for the second year in a row.

"Congrats to the @Warriors, a great group of guys on and off the court. If somebody had to break the Bulls' record, I'm glad it's them," President Barack Obama's Twitter account said.

Stephen Curry led the Warriors with 46 points, 30 of which came on 3-pointers.

NBA Commissioner Adam Silver also congratulated the record-setters.

"The team held itself to a high standard throughout the season, playing with purpose every night and captivating fans around the world with its free-flowing style, spectacular shooting and flair for the dramatic. Kudos to the entire Warriors organization," Silver said.

NBA playoffs For updates, stories, video and features about the NBA playoffs go to cnn.com/nba

Stephen Curry: 'You've got to go for it'

In an interview with CNN's Andy Scholes earlier this season, Stephen Curry didn't hide from it: The Warriors want this record.

"There's not many opportunities that you probably have to go after that record," Curry said at the time . "Obviously, going to win a championship, that's the main goal. But there's a reason that we're still talking about that '95-'96 Bulls team that was able to accomplish the 72-10 record. They were on a mission that year and ended up winning the championship as well. So that's kind of where we want to be.

Curry, seen here April 7 against the Spurs at Oracle Arena in Oakland, California, leads the NBA in scoring with 29.9 points per game.

"But when you have a shot at history and being the best regular-season team in the history of the NBA, I think you've got to go for it."

On Tuesday, Curry talked about staying in the present and slowing down to enjoy what's going on now.

"We put so much energy and effort into today. Enjoy it," Curry said. "Tomorrow's not promised, obviously, so why cheat that experience?"

Michael Jordan: 'Go get the record'

The Warriors' milestone victory came the same day that the NBA said goodbye to one of its longtime stars, Kobe Bryant, who went out with a flourish by scoring 60 points in a win over the Utah Jazz.

For much of the 1990s, 2000s and beyond, Bryant's Los Angeles Lakers had been California's dominant pro basketball team. But that's no longer the case: The Lakers finished the 2015-2016 campaign with the Western Conference's worst record (and NBA's second-worst).

That's in sharp contrast to Warriors, who proved from the start they're California's best team, the league's best and, objectively speaking, history's best.

They started the season 24-0, far and away the best start in NBA history. The previous longest win streak to start a season was 15-0, by the 1948-49 Washington Capitols and 1993-94 Houston Rockets.

13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records The Boston Celtics celebrate after winning the NBA championship in June 2008. It was the 17th title for the Celtics -- the most in league history. Take a look back at some of the greatest records set in the NBA Finals. Hide Caption 1 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most NBA titles (player): Bill Russell, seen here with legendary coach Red Auerbach, won 11 titles in his 13 NBA seasons. The big man won all of them with Boston, starting in 1957 and ending in 1969. Hide Caption 2 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most career points in the NBA Finals: Nobody's scored more than Los Angeles Lakers guard Jerry West, who put up 1,679 points over nine NBA Finals. West and the Lakers usually ran into the buzz saw that was Boston in the 1960s, but they did win a title in 1972. Fun fact: The NBA logo is a silhouette of West. Hide Caption 3 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most points per game in an NBA Finals series: Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls won six NBA titles during his career. But "His Airness" might have been at his peak in 1993, when he averaged 41 points in a six-game victory over Dan Majerle and the Phoenix Suns. Hide Caption 4 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most points in an NBA Finals game: The Lakers' Elgin Baylor scored 61 points during a Finals game against Boston on April 14, 1962. The Lakers won that game but went on to lose the series in Game 7, pictured here. Hide Caption 5 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most common matchup in the NBA Finals: The Boston Celtics and the Los Angeles Lakers have played each other 12 times in the Finals. The Celtics won the first eight meetings, but the Lakers broke the streak in 1985 and 1987, pictured here. The teams also split a pair of Finals in the 21st century. While the Celtics have a league-best 17 titles, the Lakers are right behind them with 16. The Chicago Bulls are the next closest at six. Hide Caption 6 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most Finals MVP awards: Michael Jordan was named the Most Valuable Player for all six Finals he played in. The Bulls guard holds his 1998 award here next to head coach Phil Jackson. Hide Caption 7 of 13 13 photos: NBA Finals: The greatest records Most 3-pointers made in an NBA Finals game: Boston's Ray Allen hit eight 3-pointers in Game 2 of the 2010 NBA Finals. Allen had 32 point